# Real eJP published items — these SHOULD be admitted to the gifts stream.
# Source: ydp_goldset.json, 429 items.
JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon and his wife, Judith, donated $12 million through their family foundation to 12 historically Black colleges and universities, including Tuskegee University, Di
Temple Sholom in Vancouver, British Columbia, announced it has received an “extraordinary” $1.2 million bequest from the estate of Dr
Hillel International is awarding 65 students across the U.S. a total of more than $350,000 through its 2026 Student Leadership Scholarships…
Marketing executive Alison Friedman Brod has pledged $1 million to Tulane University to endow a media and communications wing bearing her name…
An anonymous individual donated $1.47 million to the Portland, Maine-based nonprofit Project Home to double its TRUST program, which provides unrestricted cash to low-income single mothers…
Following his daughter’s recovery from a catastrophic brain hemorrhage, hedge fund manager Bill Ackman and his wife, Neri Oxman, are pledging $400 million to build a Manhattan-based research
The Joshua Kushner and Karlie Kloss Foundation donated $2.5 million to open a maternal health center at Jackson Memorial’s Women’s Hospital, the Miami hospital where the couple’s three child
The Lake Worth Playhouse, Palm Beach County’s oldest theater, secured a $1 million anonymous gift to seed an endowment that will fund repairs to its 103-year-old building…
B’nai B’rith Israel has joined a campaign to fund the rehabilitation of released hostage Evyatar David
Conservative donors Liz and Dick Uihlein committed $35 million over three years to Northwestern University’s football program…
A three-year, $430,000 grant from The Leon Levine Foundation will underwrite the first executive director, early programming and student leadership roles at Clemson University‘s new professi
The OpenAI Foundation is committing $100 million to a new program that will use AI tools to expand access to advanced medical treatments for underserved patients…
Samantha and Scott Johnson donated $1 million to Jewish Nevada — the largest security gift in the organization’s history — to fund guards and local grants, bolster statewide coordination via
Philanthropist David Rubenstein gifted the Anti-Defamation League an archival pigment print of the stone engraving of the Declaration of Independence, which is now mounted in the lobby of it
Rice University trustee Patti Lipoma Kraft and her husband, Jonathan Kraft, the president of The Kraft Group, have given a gift to fund the university’s football practice pavilion as well as
The Gates Foundation awarded $540 million to the University of Washington’s Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation — the largest charitable gift in the university’s history — to expand 
Investor Michael Moritz‘s Crankstart Foundation, with the nonprofit Lever for Change, launched a global competition offering $10 million to $50 million each to up to three organizations for 
The Mellon Foundation committed $1.2 million over three years to Freedom Quilting Bee Legacy to restore the Alabama home of the 1966 Black women’s quilting cooperative and expand its fundrai
The Israeli Embassy in Kenya donated medicines, surgical supplies, lab reagents and reading glasses to Nairobi’s Faith Evangelistic Ministry to stock free medical camps serving underserved c
Bank Hapoalim pledged NIS 5 million ($1.66 million) toward Rimon Farms‘ NIS 30 million ($10 million) project to build therapeutic agricultural farms in Nahal Oz and Holit for western Negev c
The Bank of Jerusalem pledged to build a new rehabilitation center at Soroka Medical Center in Beersheva after the hospital was hit by an Iranian missile last summer; the bank did not disclo
Satmar Hasidic philanthropist Yoel Landau pledged $1 million to launch a fund providing legal aid to Haredi yeshiva students facing arrest for refusing Israeli military service…
Over 200 Taylor Swift fans packed 2,200 backpacks for students at a New York Cares event fueled by the $26 million donations made by Swift and Travis Kelce ahead of their wedding last month…
The city of Spokane, Washington, launched an online donation portal Sunday through its H.O.M.E. Starts Here Fund to direct wildfire relief to affected families and guard against scams…
Lynn Kaufman, a Kansas City clinical social worker who spent 25 years treating children at Camber Mental Health, has given the youth psychiatric campus $1 million alongside her family to exp
Santa Barbara, Calif., philanthropist Cheryl Goldberg has donated $6 million to the Lompoc Theatre Project, the largest private gift in the nonprofit’s history…
Aliko Dangote, Africa’s richest man, plans to commit one-third of his roughly $35 billion fortune to his foundation under a succession plan focused on health and education…
Nine funders including Google, JPMorganChase and the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation launched the Anti-Scams Philanthropy Collaborative, pledging more than $50 million to fight a global
Correction: Yesterday’s edition of Your Daily Phil incorrectly identified one of the donors of a $1 million gift to Marlene Meyerson JCC Manhattan; her name is Paula J. Omansky.
The Marlene Meyerson JCC Manhattan dedicated an art studio named for Mordecai K. Rosenfeld and Paula J. Omansky after the couple gave $1 million to the JCC’s Center for Diverse Abilities…
Sustainable Israeli-Palestinian Projects, a Boulder, Colo.-based nonprofit, awarded $10,000 in emergency grants to four Israeli-Palestinian groups aiding West Bank communities hit by settler
Kaiser Permanente committed $10 million to expand the Youth Mental Health Corps, joining founders Howard Schultz and Pinterest to place trained young adult peers alongside teens and reach an
Keren Tosafos Yom Tov launched a campaign offering a $1 million prize, funded by an unnamed philanthropist, to a synagogue whose members pledge to refrain from talking during prayer…
Philanthropist Bernard Osher donated $2.1 million to the University of Cincinnati to expand its integrative health and wellness programs…
Children’s art startup Pixyit has pledged a portion of its equity to charity through A Good Option
Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia announced a $50 million gift from Einhorn Collaborative to create the David M. Einhorn Institute for Early Relational Health…
Philanthropist Herbert Wertheim has pledged $100 million to Baptist Health South Florida to establish the Wertheim Center for Cancer Prevention and underwrite its research partnership with F
Bill Ackman‘s Pershing Square Foundation is committing $260 million toward two Manhattan buildings that will house the Ackman Oxman Institute, a brain research center the investor conceived 
Knight Foundation and Village Media unveiled a partnership to build 15 digital newsrooms across three states — Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Illinois — backed by a $5 million Knight investment
Nvidia co-founder Jensen Huang and his wife, Lori, donated $75 million toward a new Vanderbilt University arts college based in San Francisco…
Anthropic is giving another $20 million to Public First Action, a tax-exempt group pushing for AI oversight…
Yonatan Rom donated a kidney through the Israeli nonprofit Matnat Chaim and discovered that his recipient was the brother of the man who had saved his life in a 2002 terror attack in Gaza…
UJA-Federation of New York is allocating $150,000 total to support efforts by IsraAID, World Jewish Relief and the JDC to help victims of the recent earthquakes in Venezuela…
An anonymous donor sponsored four JCC professionals to attend the Wellspring Summit for Educators at the Shalom Hartman Institute in Jerusalem earlier this month…
The Phyllis L. and Leonard J. Attman Foundation made a “generous” gift for an undisclosed amount to Israel Baseball to preserve and grow its youth clubs, build Tel Aviv’s first indoor facili
Israeli renewable energy company Energix will invest NIS 50 million ($16.40 million) over five years to build an energy-tech innovation center and industrial-scale grid-testing lab at Tel Av
Jewish Nevada has approved roughly $1.6 million in funding from its Annual Campaign with recipients including Friendship Circle of Las Vegas, Jewish Family Service Agency, Chabad Southwest L
The Jewish Community Foundation of Greater MetroWest’s Mack Ness Fund will grant $950,000 in 2026-27 for economic development and demographic growth projects in Israel’s Negev region, the gr
The Goldhirsh-Yellin Foundation donated an ambulance to American Friends of Magen David Adom in memory of Sarah Milgrim and Yaron Lischinsky, two Israeli Embassy employees who were killed in
Israel marked the completion of the first full French translation of the Babylonian Talmud at a ceremony hosted by President Isaac Herzog
The parents of Arbel Ori Hoffman, a 4-year-old Israeli girl who was killed last month in a car crash, donated her organs, saving the lives of four other people…
Friends of the Israel Defense Forces and Israel’s Ministry of Defense have signed an agreement to build Israel’s first rehabilitation center dedicated solely to IDF veterans with moderate to
The William and Flora Hewlett Foundation unveiled a five-year, $100 million initiative funding independent groups tackling AI, biotechnology and quantum computing security risks…
Jonathan and Polly Levine donated $10 million through the Levine Family Foundation to Hillel at Arizona State University to name a new center for Jewish life, marking one of the largest sing
MacKenzie Scott gave $20 million to Active Minds — the largest gift in the organization’s history — to scale the youth mental health nonprofit’s national programs, leadership initiatives, an
Walton Family Foundation committed $15 million over three years to the Aspen Institute’s Center for Rising Generations, including a $12 million endowment boost matched by the Bezos Family Fo
Philanthropists John and Laura Arnold are directing $2.6 million in previously unreported grants to studying the financial, mental health and behavioral risks of online sports betting; the g
Columbia University’s School of International and Public Affairs announced a new undergraduate major in global affairs and public policy, backed by a donation from the Mike and Sofia Segal F
San Francisco Mayor Daniel Lurie’s charter-reform committee raised $1.5 million in late June from Laurene Powell Jobs’ Emerson Collective, John Doerr and other tech executives, bringing the 
Sinai Hospital in Baltimore opened its new three-story cancer facility, named after Mandy and Dennis Weinman following the couple’s $5 million gift…
The Springfield (Mass.) Jewish Community Center received a $100,000 grant from The Irene E. & George A. Davis Foundation to fund an early literacy program for young children…
After a leak forced its closure four years ago, the second pool at Boston’s pioneering Mayyim Hayyim mikveh has reopened through a donation from Paula Brody, known as one of the “Mikveh Mama
Ahead of their wedding this past weekend, Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce donated $26 million total across 20 charities nationwide this week, including City Harvest, Feeding America and Dolly 
Keren Kayemeth LeIsrael-Jewish National Fund approved a NIS 15 million ($5 million) agritech center in Kiryat Shmona in partnership with the University of Kiryat Shmona (formerly Tel-Hai Col
Philanthropist Herbert Wertheim gave a record $100 million to Baptist Health South Florida to expand cancer research and treatment, prompting the Miami Cancer Institute to be renamed in his 
U.K. charity Migdal Ohr, which supports around 10,000 at-risk children in Israel each year, raised over £1.2 million ($1.59 million) to fund foster care and essential services for more than 
New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft sponsored 100 Israeli children who lost a parent in the war to attend a World Cup match at Gillette Stadium in Foxborough, Mass…
A crowdfunding campaign for Venezuela’s Jewish community has so far raised nearly $1 million following twin earthquakes that devastated large portions of the country…
Keren Kayemeth LeIsrael-Jewish National Fund approved a NIS 13 million ($4.4 million) initiative to provide wildfire response equipment for 94 central Israel communities located near forests
The Siegel Family Endowment, Ford Foundation, Mellon Foundation and seven other major foundations pooled together $18 million under the banner Humanity AI to fund public-interest AI work foc
Congregation Neve Shalom in Metuchen, N.J., donated a Torah scroll on Friday to Beth Israel in Jackson, Miss., following the January arson attack that destroyed two of the synagogue’s Torah 
Hedge fund manager Ken Griffin donated $26 million toward completing the Theodore Roosevelt Presidential Library in Medora, N.D., with the west wing set to bear his name in recognition of th
The Milk of Human Kindness: In the Jewish Telegraphic Agency, Charles Munitz examines a new book about how Macy’s magnate Nathan Straus used his fortune to fund milk pasteurization programs 
Rights Violation: In Canadian Jewish News, Ellin Bessner details how the sole Jewish trustee of the Canadian Museum for Human Rights resigned days before the opening of a “Nakba” exhibit, al
Compulsive Obsession Disorder: In a Forward opinion piece, Dany Bahar, an associate professor of international and public affairs at Brown University, argues that the current fixation on AIP
Adam Theater, a Boston-based theater company for young audiences, has received $1.1 million in philanthropic support to expand school engagement, strengthen its infrastructure and fund its u
The parents of an 8-year-old Israeli boy with Duchenne muscular dystrophy crowdfunded $3.2 million for gene therapy in one month from over 42,000 donors, following the government’s refusal t
The Canadian Jewish News spotlights Beit Rayim Synagogue in Vaughan, Ontario, whose members have donated 7,000 school lunches over the past two years…
Myisrael, a U.K.-based charity that supports small nonprofits in Israel, raised over £1.17 million ($1.54 million) in 36 hours from 3,300-plus donors to support vulnerable Israelis…
Jewish National Fund recently funded a new emergency vehicle for first responders in the Negev town of Yeruham as part of its broader push to boost emergency readiness across Israel…
The Healthcare Foundation of New Jersey awarded $686,000 in the second quarter of the year across renewal grants for autism, mental health, perinatal care and diabetes screening programs…
Beit Halochem UK‘s annual dinner raised over £2 million ($2.663 million) for PTSD treatment and rehabilitation for Israeli veterans…
Actor Jesse Eisenberg spoke about his experience of donating a kidney on “The Tonight Show” with Jimmy Fallon…
The family of former NFL star Aldon Smith, who died suddenly, at 36, hours after volunteering at a homeless charity, donated his brain to Boston University‘s CTE Center to be studied while l
Anthropic pledged $150 million to launch Claude Corps, a fellowship program that will embed AI-trained young professionals at nonprofits across the country…
Birthright Israel Foundation’s Long Island Gala on Thursday raised over $2 million, including a record-breaking $1 million raised and matched at the event…
The Staenberg-Loup Jewish Community Center in Denver received a $25,000 security grant from the Boettcher Foundation…
Former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer is committing up to $1.5 billion in forgivable loans to fund 10,000 affordable rental units in Washington state…
Maureen and Doug Cohn have donated $1 million to the Tampa Museum of Art to establish a new contemporary art gallery…
Following the death of 23-year-old IDF Capt
Jewish Care’s annual London gala raised a record £5.6 million ($4.2 million) to fund its care services and the new Sugar & Ronson Campus…
London’s learning disability charity, Kisharon Langdon, secured over £1.09 million ($814,000) during a 36-hour matched-funding drive to support its independent living and educational program
The Stacy and Keith Palagye Foundation has awarded a $3 million grant to the American Friends of the Hebrew University to launch a specialized academic and skill-building facility at the Heb
The Zimmer Family Foundation has secured the naming rights for Harvard University’s primary undergraduate science facility — now called Zimmer Hall — through a $100 million contribution that
Longtime board member Barry S. Friedberg has committed a $1 million gift to the Glaucoma Foundation to help advance scientific initiatives aimed at eradicating blindness…
The Kemper Museum of Contemporary Art in Kansas City secured a $1 million donation from the Stanley J. Bushman Foundation to establish a permanent endowment dedicated to local youth arts edu
Bloomberg Philanthropies has pledged $90 million for a national effort to encourage Americans to become electricians, mechanics and other technicians…
The European Union awarded €3.5 million ($4 million) to support a new international research consortium at Hebrew University to investigate how a global rise in anonymous court rulings affec
Art collector Yigal Gross has gifted a rare 1863 Thomas Nast emancipation print to the Teaneck Public Library seeking to foster local cultural unity following divisive community debates over
Israeli startup Salignostics secured a $1.87 million Gates Foundation grant to develop noninvasive, saliva-based diagnostics for HIV and maternal health in developing countries…
The Azrieli Foundation has renewed a $1.2 million grant to the Debbie Friedman School of Sacred Music at Hebrew Union College through 2029 to fund the education of future cantors and the saf
Michael Bloomberg committed a matching grant up to $25 million for the 9/11 Memorial and Museum’s $75 million fundraising campaign focusing on educational exhibits and classroom resources…
Melinda French Gates has donated an additional $50 million to women’s health and rights initiatives — targeting overlooked areas like menopause and maternal mental health — bringing her tota
After a previous donor withdrew, 70-year-old Ruth Adley received a life-saving kidney transplant from a stranger named Clare, who stepped forward after reading Ruth’s appeal in the U.K. Jewi
After a terminal brain tumor diagnosis, 28-year-old Aidan McAllister donated healthy tissue from his brain to advance dementia research in memory of his grandfather…
Temple Emanu-El in Longview, Texas, has proposed donating its 5.8-acre historic property to the city for use as park space due to declining membership and rising maintenance costs…
In the face of persistent rocket and drone threats from Hezbollah, the International Fellowship of Christians and Jews has installed 10 new bomb shelters in the northern Israeli towns of Kir
The Leviev Foundation has launched a $50 million educational initiative to provide scholarships and grants to Jewish children in underserved and immigrant communities over the course of five
The Harris Rosen Foundation donated $50,000 to the nonprofit Gainesville For All in honor of Chuck Dziuban’s decades of service to educational access and community initiatives in Gainesville
The family of NHL veteran Claude Lemieux, who was found dead last week, announced they are donating his brain to Boston University’s CTE Center to support scientific understanding of sports-
UJA-Federation of New York purchased 20,000 bags of Bamba directly from the Israeli food company Osem in response to Park Slope Food Coop’s vote to boycott Israeli products; the snacks will 
The New York Knicks are giving away 250 tickets to the NBA Finals to the city’s underprivileged youth through the Garden of Dreams Foundation…
David A. and Karen Richards Sachs donated $25 million to Brandeis University — the largest gift in the school’s history — for a number of student life-related infrastructure and programming 
Adam Wexler, the founder of the fantasy sports app PrizePicks, donated $10 million to the University of Georgia Athletic Association in its largest-ever gift…
Cheryl Halpern donated a mikveh to a central Israeli Border Police base in memory of her late husband, Fred Halpern, which appears to be the first time that a ritual bath has been installed 
Oakland University President Ora Hirsh Pescovitz is donating $1 million of her own money to fund the institution to address her growing frustrations regarding the long-term decline in state 
Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan are giving $1.48 million to Wilcox Medical Center on the Hawaiian island of Kauai to support advancements in medical imaging technology…
Brandeis University received a $25 million gift from trustee Karen Richards Sachs and her husband, David Sachs, to support student living projects and the construction of a new campus hub ca
George Soros’ Open Society Foundations announced a $300 million investment aimed at strengthening economic security and defending civil liberties in the United States in response to concerns
Hillel International’s seventh annual Global Giving Week raised over $5.5 million through 11,000 donations to support Jewish campus life across 170 locations worldwide…
University of Richmond alumni Carole and Marcus Weinstein donated $6 million to expand the university’s Wilton Center to support expanding interfaith campus programming…
Mel Brooks has gifted his expansive career archive of more than 150,000 documents and 5,000 photographs to the National Comedy Center in Jamestown, N.Y., where the collection will sit alongs
Greg and Alexandra Mondre made a $20 million gift to the University of Pennsylvania to establish a financial aid initiative serving over 1,000 middle-income families annually…
Anthropic is launching a four-year, $200 million initiative in partnership with and funded by the Gates Foundation to deploy advanced technology toward global health, education and economic 
The Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Neue Galerie have announced a merger slated to be complete in 2028, which will integrate Ronald Lauder‘s Austrian and German art collection — valued at
Nike co-founder Phil Knight and his wife, Penny, have donated $90 million to Stanford University for healthy brain aging research through their foundation — The Knight Foundation — which now
The Center for Jewish Philanthropy of Greater Phoenix has awarded over $1.7 million in 2026 grants to support local nonprofits and Israeli partners with a focus on financial vulnerability, m
The Bezos Family Foundation has pledged $100 million to the Robin Hood Foundation to bolster early childhood education in New York City…
In celebration of America’s upcoming 250th anniversary, philanthropist David Rubenstein has endowed the David M. Rubenstein Prize for the Advancement of American History, a new $250,000 priz
Israel’s Ministry of Agriculture and the Tekuma Authority have allocated NIS 72 million ($25 million) to restore and develop farming infrastructure in communities near the Gaza border…
The David & Nicole Tepper Foundation committed?$1 million in grant funding to support girls?high school flag football programs in North Carolina and South Carolina; the announcement followed
Model and philanthropist Karlie Kloss pledged $1 million to support the Children’s Village at Lotus House, the nation’s largest shelter for women and children in Miami
Following the deaths of Maryland educators Deborah Brodie and Jay Brill, their family has donated the couple’s 200-piece Judaica collection to the Lillian and Albert Small Capital Jewish Mus
The New York Times spotlights a $200 million donation by Mark and Mary Stevens to the University of Southern California for artificial intelligence and computing research…
Jack, Joseph and Morton Mandel Foundation and the Mandel Supporting Foundation made a $125 million gift to Case Western Reserve University
Last night’s Met Gala raised a record-breaking $42 million to benefit the museum’s Costume Institute, bolstered by principal sponsors Jeff Bezos and Lauren Sánchez Bezos…
At its annual gala, the Jewish Family Service of San Diego raised over $2 million to support vulnerable individuals and families across the city…
Palm Beach, Fla., developer Ken Endelson donated $4 million to the Jewish Federation of Palm Beach County
The New York Times does a deep dive into recent attacks on Jewish people and sites across Europe, most of which bear the hallmarks of Iranian “hybrid warfare,” aimed at undermining adversari
Jewish Insider examines a new study from the Institute for National Security Studies warning that Israel’s public diplomacy failures have escalated into a tangible national security threat…
Haredi yeshivas in Israel with students who ignore conscription orders will no longer be eligible for tax-exempt donations, following a High Court of Justice ruling that the state must impos
Fidelity and Vanguard have blocked their clients from donating to the Southern Poverty Law Center through their donor-advised funds as the organization faces federal fraud charges…
The Reform movement’s Jacobs Camp in Utica, Miss., earned a shoutout on last night’s “Jeopardy!” as an alumna contestant, Beth Orlansky, shared that she met her husband at the Jewish camp, a
Israel’s National Authority for Educational Measurement and Evaluation found only 22% of Israeli ninth graders meet English requirements, with success rates dropping to 1% in some Bedouin co
The Forward explores how the new documentary “Sheitel: Beauty in the Hidden” dismantles secular stereotypes and instead reframes the ritual wig as a deliberate symbol of female agency and re
Mike Solomonov’s Zahav is celebrating its 18th “chai” year with a series of Shabbat dinners hosted at the Philadelphia restaurant this summer…
In a Religion News Service opinion piece, Abby J. Leibman, president & CEO of Mazon: A Jewish Response to Hunger, warns against the increasingly religious rhetoric being employed by Trump ad
Yeshiva University announced that U.S. Ambassador to Israel Mike Huckabee will give the school’s commencement address later this month…
The Forward profiles businessman and former Ikar synagogue President Adam Miller, who is running for mayor of Los Angeles on a platform of operational efficiency and moderate reform…
Boaz Weinstein’s Saba Capital Management is poised to take over Edinburgh Worldwide Investment Trust, following a shareholder vote yesterday to replace the trust’s current board…
Correction: An earlier version of this report misspelled Beth Orlansky’s surname.
Harvard Hillel received a $1 million donation to support its Harvard College Israel Trek program; half of the gift has already been paid, the rest will be paid out over the next five years, 
The Harold Grinspoon Foundation, in partnership with Big Y and the Davis Foundation, has awarded grants of up to $2,500 to 128 Western Massachusetts farmers
Pharmaceutical executive Marvin Samson pledged $1 million to the Temple University School of Pharmacy to establish the Marvin Samson Scholars Program
Mitchell Rales donated $116 million to the National Gallery of Art to permanently fund a program that circulates the museum’s masterpieces to local institutions throughout all 50 states…
The Jewish Federations of North America awarded $5.3 million in grants to 34 organizations to expand “person-centered, trauma-informed” care for Holocaust survivors and vulnerable older adul
The Jewish Federation of Palm Beach County (Fla.) announced a $4 million gift from Ken Endelson that will establish the Endelson Sports Complex…
Michael and Susan Dell have pledged $750 million to the University of Texas at Austin to launch a life sciences hub and medical center—bringing their total lifetime giving to Michael Dell’s 
Feeding South Florida facilitated an in-kind gift of 10,800 eggs to the Goodman Jewish Family Services of Broward County…
Nechama – Jewish Response was awarded a $500,000 grant from Lilly Endowment Inc
The Chronicle of Philanthropy highlights MacKenzie Scott’s latest no-strings-attached gift — $70 million to Meals on Wheels…
NPR secured a $113 million windfall anchored by an $80 million gift from Connie Ballmer, which marks the network’s largest-ever gift from a living donor, plus an additional $33 million from 
Ahead of Yom HaAtzamut, the National Library of Israel has been gifted the personal archive of legendary British officer Orde Wingate, a Christian Zionist and foundational architect of Israe
Temple Israel Ner Tamid in Mayfield Heights, Ohio, has donated 200 teddy bears to the children’s center at Temple Israel in West Bloomfield, Mich., in response to the recent terror attack at
The Maryland-based Marlene and Stewart Greenebaum Family Foundation has gifted $5.5 million to the University of Maryland Greenebaum Comprehensive Cancer Center…
Philanthropist MacKenzie Scott has awarded a $70 million unrestricted gift to Meals on Wheels to help the nonprofit expand its delivery capacity and reduce wait-lists…
The Jewish animal advocacy group Shamayim, led by Rabbi Shmuly Yanklowitz, is expanding internationally, offering a $9,500 (£7,000) grant that will be divided among five U.K. synagogues that
The Alfred Street Baptist Church in Alexandria, Va., has pledged $1 million to pay off the debts owed by the residents of the city’s 1,100 public housing units…
The Ballmer Group is donating $110 million over five years to three California universities — California State University, Dominguez Hills in Carson; California State University, Los Angeles
Jewish Federations of North America has allocated some $30 million in emergency grants to Israeli causes related to the ongoing war with Iran and Hezbollah; this includes more than $8 millio
The International Fellowship of Christians and Jews is distributing roughly NIS 45 million ($14.2 million) worth of aid to 200,000 Israelis ahead of Passover…
Deb El Food Products and the Gibber Family have partnered with New York City’s Met Council for the organization’s largest-ever Passover food distribution, providing more than 3.5 million pou
Igor Tulchinsky, alongside Yitzchak and Leah Mirilashvili, Moshe and Leah Tabacinic and the Gabriel ben Ephraim Memorial Fund, awarded $2.5 million to the Chabad Lubavitch movement’s Keren H
The Jewish Federation of Palm Springs and Desert Area (Calif.) renamed its building for longtime contributor Sherwyn Turbow, after a “major donation” of an undisclosed sum…
The Keren Kayemeth LeIsrael-Jewish National Fund approved NIS 2.5 million ($800,000) in emergency funding to both Dimona and Arad, following severe missile strikes in the southern Israeli ci
Real estate developer Jeff Greene and his wife, Mei Sze Greene, have donated more than an acre of land to Vanderbilt University for its West Palm Beach, Fla., campus…
A family anonymously donated $10 million to Sheba Medical Center, outside of Tel Aviv, for artificial intelligence-related health care projects…
The British Jewish emergency service Hatzola, whose four ambulances were burned in an apparent antisemitic arson attack, has so far raised more than $1.3 million as part of an emergency resp
After the Shiva, a program of Friends of the Israel Defense Forces , is distributing more than $430,000 to 118 bereaved families of Israel’s fallen soldiers ahead of Passover; the program is
JCC Chicago — the largest Jewish community center in North America — announced a $20 million naming gift from the Hecktman Family Foundation
The Los Angeles Times spotlights the installation of Francis Bacon’s “Three Studies of Lucian Freud” triptych, worth $142.4 million, in the Los Angeles County Museum of Art; the paintings we
The religious Zionist World Mizrachi movement is distributing more than NIS 800,000 ($256,000) in grants to some 400 married students who are enrolled in a hesder yeshiva, a program that com
Montgomery County, Md., announced $500,000 in supplemental funding for the nonprofit security grant program for faith-based and nonprofit organizations in the wake of last week’s attack at T
UNC Charlotte announced a $250,000 gift from the David & Nicole Tepper Foundation to support the university’s Let Me Play initiative, focused on strengthening opportunities for female studen
Philadelphia Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie donated $1.2 million toward autism research at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory on Long Island, N.Y.…
Keren Kayemeth LeIsrael-Jewish National Fund announced today that it is doubling its allocations for combating antisemitism from NIS 3 million to 6 million (roughly $1 million to $2 million)
PJ Library is launching the Next Level Books Initiative, which earmarks $1.2 million over the next three years to support the creation of quality Jewish children’s books by investing in publ
Israeli women have so far donated 46 liters (12 gallons) of breast milk through the Sussman Family Foundation Human Milk Bank for nursing mothers who have been called away for reserve duty o
Harvard Hillel received a $1 million donation to support its Harvard College Israel Trek program; half of the gift has already been paid, the rest will be paid out over the next five years, 
Mark Edelman, through the Mark Edelman Theater Fund at the Jewish Community Foundation of Greater Kansas City, donated $1 million to the University of Missouri-Kansas City for its theater pr
A number of donors have made charitable gifts to Chabad houses across the country after far-right commentator Tucker Carlson accused the movement of being behind the war against Iran…
Stewart and Lynda Resnick donated $100 million to UCLA for its mental and behavioral health services, including an expansion of its neuropsychiatric hospital, which is named for them…
The Israeli city of Netanya was named one of 24 global winners of the 2025-2026 Bloomberg Philanthropies Mayors Challenge, securing $1 million to expand a municipal program aimed at boosting
Foundation for Jewish Camp awarded grants worth a total of $1.5 million to five Jewish summer camps to make them more accessible to young adults with disabilities; the grants were part of a 
Herb Kohl Philanthropies donated $30 million to the University of Wisconsin-Madison, which will rename its music hall in honor of the late senator…
David Bruce Smith, through his parents’ Robert H. Smith and Clarice R. Smith Family Foundation, donated $5 million to the Washington-area Charles E. Smith Jewish Day School to establish two 
The Foundation for Jewish Camp announced that it was distributing $4.5 million to 16 day and sleepaway camps across North America in the second round of its Gottesman Capital Expansion Grant
The Jewish Federation of Southern New Jersey announced that the Davis Family – Jane, Mitchell, Carolyn, Patricia and Randy – has donated $5 million to the JCC Camps at Medford (N.J.), which 
As a bar mitzvah project, Aiden Hunegs of Bloomfield Hills, Mich., raised $20,849 to go toward purchasing 154 EpiPens for Israeli medics…
Benjamin Ellis has been elected the next chair of the board of trustees for the U.K.’s Limmud…
Robyn Markowitz Lawler was named the next executive director of the Pennsylvania State University Hillel…
Elyse Picker was hired as the managing director of national programs for the Black-Jewish partnership group Rekindle, and Sam Dickerson was hired as managing director of the group’s Clevelan
San Diego-based Jewish philanthropist Ernest Rady has donated $50 million to the Salvation Army to fight homelessness in the city…
Bobbi and Larry Shulman donated $250,000 to the Montgomery College Foundation, with most of the amount to be used to launch the Jewish Experience Fund at the Rockville, Md., school to combat
Philanthropist MacKenzie Scott donated $59 million to the National Alliance on Mental Illness, nearly double the amount that she provided to the group in 2022…
The Edmond de Rothschild Foundation and Jewish Federation Los Angeles announced $2 million in grants for 24 young adult initiatives focused on Israel’s north, which will be matched by an add
Joan and Sanford I. Weill, through their family foundation, donated $120 million to University of California, Davis’ veterinary school, which will be renamed in their honor; the gift is one 
The Minneapolis Foundation is distributing $3.5 million in grants to local small businesses to assist them during the ongoing immigration raids in the city…
Financier Ross Stevens donated $100 million to the U.S. Olympic and Paralympic teams, ensuring that each member receives $200,000, regardless of their performance at the upcoming games in It
The Jewish Solar Challenge awarded a total of $300,000 in grants to nine Jewish organizations across America to purchase and install solar panels: Congregation Sons of Israel in Nyack, N.Y.;
Boeing and Ben-Gurion University of the Negev in Beersheva are jointly establishing a research collaboration focusing on “advancing cybersecurity capabilities for next-generation aviation an
Binghamton University received a $30 million donation from alumnus Tom Secunda, as well as a $25 million contribution from New York State, to create a new research center focused on using ar
The Academic Engagement Network will be providing $25,000 over the next three years to the Kalaniyot Foundation, which works to bring Israeli researchers to American universities for sabbati
A crowdfunding campaign for the family of Alex Pretti, who was shot and killed by federal border agents over the weekend in Minneapolis during a protest against immigration raids in the city
The Wiener Holocaust Library in London recently received a donation of artwork and writing from Czech Jewish artist Peter Kien, who passed on the works before he was transported to Auschwitz
The Ralph Lauren Foundation awarded a multimillion-dollar grant to the University of Chicago to create an eponymous cancer center; the donation is part of a $25 million initiative to fund fi
OpenAI and the Gates Foundation are collaborating on a $50 million initiative, known as Horizon 1000, to use artificial intelligence to advance health care in Africa…
The Arthur M. Blank Family Foundation has awarded nearly $28 million to golf-related nonprofits: a $20 million grant to the TGR Foundation, which was started by Tiger Woods 30 years ago, and
The A-Mark Foundation received a $10 million donation from its founder and board member, Steven C. Markoff, to further the organization’s support for investigative journalism…
UJA- Federation of New York announced a $100,000 grant to support the recovery and rebuilding of Beth Israel Congregation in Jackson, Miss., after an arson fire severely damaged the synagogu
AddressHate awarded $75,000 to Baruch College for its Antisemitism Studies Laboratory…
The University of Florida Hillel announced a “transformational seven-figure gift” from Diane Lipson Schilit and Howard Schilit, for whom the Hillel will now be renamed…
Columbia University alum Jonathan Lavine and his wife, Jeannie, donated $10 million to the school’s men’s and women’s basketball programs in one of the largest-ever gifts to the school’s ath
Alon and Monique Abady donated a 16-story complex in Los Angeles to West Coast Chabad — estimated to be worth roughly $100 million — which will be turned into the Chabad Campus for Jewish Li
Pershing Square’s Bill Ackman donated $10,000 to a GoFundMe campaign for ICE officer Jonathan Ross, who fatally shot Renee Good in Minneapolis last week; the campaign was launched by a man w
The Marion and Henry Bloch Family Foundation donated $20 million to the Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art in Kansas City, Mo., to renovate and improve its Bloch Building…
Qualcomm co-founder Irwin Jacobs created a $4.5 million fund to support the San Diego Opera and San Diego Symphony…
A crowdfunding campaign for Renee Good, who was shot and killed by an Immigration and Customs Enforcement officer in Minneapolis, raised $1.5 million for Good’s family…
Susan and Richard Friedman donated $10 million to the Jewish Federation of Palm Beach County (Fla.) to combat antisemitism and expand Jewish programs and services in the area…
The Cayton Goldrich Family Foundation awarded $30 million to Los Angeles’ Cedars-Sinai hospital to establish an eponymous center focused on researching the BRCA gene, which is more common am
The Leona M. and Harry B. Helmsley Charitable Trust donated $1.5 million to the Jewish Agency for Israel for its JReady community security initiative…
The State of Israel provided a number of fully-equipped Magen David Adom ambulances to the Druze community in southern Syria as part of a large medical aid package…
Florida State University’s College of Business will now be named for optometrist, inventor, businessman and philanthropist Herbert Wertheim after he donated $65 million to the school…
The Essel Foundation donated $10 million to the psychiatry department of Columbia University‘s Vagelos College of Physicians and Surgeons to establish the Dr
The Pritzker Traubert Foundation is awarding its $10 million Chicago Prize to the Reclaiming Chicago initiative, which is aimed at making home ownership more affordable in the city…
Newly confirmed NASA Administrator Jared Isaacman announced that he will be donating his annual $221,900 salary to U.S. Space & Rocket Center’s Space Camp…
U.S. collector and philanthropist Martin Z. Margulies donated a sculpture by German artist Anselm Kiefer, titled “Die Erdzeitalter” (Ages of the World), to the Israel Museum…
Investor Ray Dalio announced that he and his wife are supporting Michael and Susan Dell’s $6.25 billion pledge to provide investment accounts to nearly all American children; the Dalios said
The John Templeton Foundation and Harvard Divinity School are issuing a $1.2 million grant to HDS professor Swayam Bagaria and University of London’s Bhrigupati Singh to develop a program to
Three Pittsburgh-area Jewish day schools have received a $200,000 grant from the Pennsylvania Department of Education to improve support for children with learning disabilities…
The Jewish Foundation for the Righteous announced grants totaling $380,000 for Righteous Gentile rescuers of Jews during the Holocaust living in 10 different countries; the organization told
Debbie and Michael Flacks pledged $3 million in a matching grant for the Israeli anti-poverty charity Colel Chabad…
The Pew Center for Arts & Heritage awarded a $360,000 grant to the Weitzman National Museum of American Jewish History in Philadelphia for its exhibition marking America’s 250th anniversary,
The Jewish Federation of Cleveland said that it is roughly halfway through its challenge to raise $90 million in order to receive the same amount in matching funds from the Jack, Joseph and 
The Jewish National Fund-USA announced more than $5 million in grants for Zionist organizations this year through its Boruchin Center, including $950,000 for the Alexander Muss High School i
In an essay on her website, philanthropist MacKenzie Scott shared that she donated $7.1 billion to nonprofits in 2025, an increase in her giving from previous years…
Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg is expanding his foundation’s mayoral support program, bringing the initiative to Europe, backed by a $50 million investment…
The Tow Foundation, which was created by Leonard and Claire Tow, announced$10 million in grants to 10 organizations for youth mental health care initiatives…
A group of global health funders has committed $1.9 billion to the Global Polio Eradication Initiative to distribute polio vaccines to more than 370 million children each year; donors includ
Sergey Brin donated more than $1 billion worth of Alphabet Inc
The Carroll and Milton Petrie Foundation awarded $1.2 million in grants to the City University of New York…
The Katz Amsterdam Charitable Trust — the joint philanthropic foundation of Vail Resorts executive chairperson Rob Katz and his wife,?Elana Amsterdam — awarded $3 million in grants for menta
OpenAI’s foundation announced yesterday that it was allocating $40.5 million in grants to 208 nonprofits across the U.S. this year, primarily focused on workforce training for youth, mental 
The family of Holocaust survivor Erno Spiegel donated the pen he used to falsify records to save dozens of sets of twins who were subject to medical experiments at Auschwitz…
Michael and Susan Dell announced today that they are depositing $250 in individual investment accounts for 25 million American children; totaling $6.25 billion, it is one of the largest-ever
John and Laura Arnold, through their philanthropic foundation, Arnold Ventures, have partnered with Colorado Gov
The Movement for Progressive Judaism — the newly formed union of the British Reform and Liberal Judaism movements — raised £2.2 million ($2.9 million) at its launch dinner this weekend…
The Elaine and Eduardo Saverin Foundation awarded a $20 million grant to the Boston-based Dana-Farber Cancer Institute for research and treatment of metastatic breast cancer…
The Eli and Edythe Broad Foundation, Ballmer Group and Chuck Lorre Family Foundation have collectively committed more than $11 million to the Los Angeles Unified School District and its new 
The Ballmer Group is donating $72 million in behavioral health care projects in Illinois, Kansas and Michigan…
The Foundation for Jewish Philanthropies and Buffalo (N.Y.) Jewish Federation are donating $500,000 to FeedMore WNY and $250,000 each to the Buffalo City Mission and Friends of the Night Peo
The John Templeton Foundation is awarding a three-year $4.5 million grant to the Constructive Dialogue Institute to “foster dialogue and intellectual humility across higher education”…
Gertrude Ehrlich, who died earlier this year, bequeathed $9 million to her alma mater, Georgia College & State University, where she studied after fleeing Nazi Germany in 1939; the funds wil
JBI Library, which supports Jews with vision impairments, is awarding more than $180,000 in total to 18 legally blind Jewish students studying in the United States and Israel…
The Academic Engagement Network is issuing a $25,000 grant to the Jewish Faculty Resilience Group at UCLA; the funds will go to new hires, educational programming and efforts to combat antis
Jewish Story Partners announced six recipients for its Reprise Grant Program, totaling $175,000, which helps fund documentary film projects; the grantees are: “The Animated Mind of Oliver Sa
The J.M. Kaplan Fund is awarding three-year $150,000 grants, along with an additional $25,000 in technical assistance, to 10 early-stage projects in the fields of social justice, the environ
The Levitt Foundation is awarding multiyear grants of up to $120,000 each to support free outdoor concerts in 66 communities across the United States…
Richard and Rosalyn Rosin donated $1 million to the Sansum Clinic in Santa Barbara, Calif., to help the nonprofit health care provider recruit new doctors…
Airbnb’s philanthropic arm awarded a total of $425,000 to five San Diego, Calif.-based nonprofits, including the city’s Jewish Family Service…
The Leon Levy Foundation donated $10 million to the Prospect Park Alliance to sustain and restore the Brooklyn park…
The Canada-based Krawczyk Family Foundation donated $7.1 million to the Ma’mo’weh Wii’soo’ka’tiwin Foundation in Kenora, Ontario, for indigenous youth and family programs…
Anne Simon, a plant virology professor at the University of Maryland, is donating $15 million to her university to support two endowed professorships and an additional $1 million for a schol
A group of 30 philanthropic foundations committed $300 million to supporting climate health research at this month’s COP30 gathering in Brazil…Berkshire Hathaway CEO?Warren Buffett announced
Steve and Connie Ballmer’s philanthropic foundation, The Ballmer Group, announced that it is donating $170 million per year for the next decade to fund 10,000 free preschool slots in Washing
The Arthur Blank Family Foundation donated $2.5 million to humanitarian aid efforts in the Caribbean following Hurricane Melissa…
Melinda French Gates is donating $250 million to 80 nonprofits around the world that provide health care to women…
As the government shutdown drags on, UJA-Federation of New York is awarding $1 million in emergency funding to food banks and emergency food procurement operations across New York City…
The Canadian fundraising arm of Ben-Gurion University of the Negev raised $2.3 million at its annual gala last week, the group told eJewishPhilanthropy…
In its latest tally, Jewish Federations of North America determined that it allocated $1 billion more in 2024 than in a typical year, more than half of it — $683 million — as part of its Isr
Bloomberg Philanthropies announced a new $92 million public-private partnership fund to convert Brazil’s bus system to cleaner energy vehicles…
Bloomberg Philanthropies committed $100 million to reducing the amount of methane in the atmosphere; the announcement comes alongside the COP30 environmental gathering in Brazil this week…
An unnamed George Washington University alum donated $4 million to the school’s Hillel — its largest-ever gift — for a Jewish education literacy initiative…
Joseph Lubeck, an alumnus of Cornell University, donated $5 million to his alma mater for its Jewish studies program, endowing its director position…
Investor Jeff Yass donated $100 million to the University of Austin, whose founders include journalist Bari Weiss and venture capitalist Joe Lonsdale…
The Harry and Jeanette Weinberg Foundation awarded a $4.35 million grant to the Foundation for Jewish Camps to provide engagement and job training opportunities for campers with disabilities
Silicon Valley venture capitalist Ben Horowitz donated 10 Tesla Cybertrucks to the Las Vegas Police Department at a cost of $2.7 million…
Philanthropist MacKenzie Scott has donated more than $300 million in recent days to several Historically Black Colleges and Universities in her latest round of grants; this brings Scott’s to
The Jewish Community Relations Council of Greater Washington raised more than $2 million at its annual gala last night, making it the most successful fundraiser in the organization’s history
The Leona M. and Harry B. Helmsley Charitable Trust awarded a $10 million grant to Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center, also known as Ichilov Hospital, for a new state-of-the-art underground em
The Ballmer Group pledged $150 million to the for-profit Vistria and Avanath investment firms in support of their affordable housing initiatives…
The Edward Fein Charitable Trust donated $100 million to the University of California San Francisco for its memory and aging center, which will be renamed the Edward and Pearl Fein Memory an
Arnold Ventures announced 20 research grants totaling more than $5 million to support criminal justice research…
Following an allocation of nearly $500,000 this summer, the Jewish Federation of Greater Washington is distributing an additional $375,000 to support security for 30 different local Jewish o
The Marcus Foundation has gifted a three-year grant for an as-yet-undisclosed amount to the Atlanta Rabbinical Association to support the organization’s reinvigoration and expand study oppor
Billionaire Tom Golisano has pledged more than $250 million to six children’s hospitals throughout the country, which will form an alliance that will be named for the philanthropist…
MacKenzie Scott donated $60 million to the Center for Disaster Philanthropy…
With the New York City mayoral election drawing closer, former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg has donated $1.5 million to a super PAC supporting Andrew Cuomo’s bid…
The National Trust for Historic Preservation awarded a $175,000 grant to Temple Beth Hatfiloh in Olympia, Wash., through its National Fund for Sacred Places program…
Bob Fisch, former CEO of Rue21, donated $1.5 million to the Fashion Institute of Technology to name the presentation hall in the recently opened Joyce F. Brown Academic building…
Reclusive billionaire Timothy Mellon donated $130 million to the U.S. government to pay troops during the ongoing shutdown…
The Baltimore Banner has received a $500,000 gift from the Andrew and Julie Klingenstein Family Fund…
Time magazine examines who has donated to the White House ballroom’s $250 million renovation, including a number of Jewish philanthropists, such as Dr
Apple executive Philip Schiller donated $9 million to the New England Aquarium to support its efforts to “increase environmentally responsible practices in a rapidly growing ocean (blue) eco
Ron Shaich, the founder of Panera Bread, is donating $20 million to his alma mater, Clark University, through his family foundation in support of the school’s restructuring program; this is 
The Bay Area-based Koret Foundation has awarded a five-year, $1.8 million grant to the Polin Museum of the History of Polish Jews for an expansion of its core exhibition and other improvemen
Houston-based philanthropists Nancy and Rich Kinder announced their plans to donate 95% of their wealth — amounting to some $10 billion — to local charities…
The Reuben Foundation awarded a £30 million ($40 million) grant to the Courtauld Institute of Art in London…
The Laurie M. Tisch Illumination Fund launched a $10 million Play to Thrive initiative that uses sports to “improve youth mental health outcomes, expand access for underserved communities, a
The David and Nicole Tepper Foundation donated $5 million to the University of South Carolina, which will rename its department of sport and entertainment management for the couple…
The Holocaust Memorial Resource & Education Center of Florida announced that it has raised more than $1 million this year through donations of $150,000 or more…
The Arthur M. Blank Family Foundation announced a 10-year, $50 million commitment to four of Atlanta’s Historically Black Colleges and Universities — Clark Atlanta University, Morehouse Coll
Roe Green donated $1 million to Kent State University to establish the Roe Green Musical Theatre and Porthouse Artistic Directorship…
The Louisville, Ky.-based Jewish Heritage Fund provided a $500,000 grant to the Volunteers of America’s community care campus in the city, which will offer transitional housing for young peo
Marc Benioff announced a $100 million donation to UCSF Benioff Children’s Hospital Oakland, and a $36 million pledge for artificial intelligence education in San Francisco public schools…
The Sy Syms Foundation awarded a $1 million grant to The Forward for an endowment to support early-career Jewish journalists…
The Edmond J. Safra Foundation pledged $1.1 million to Brandeis University for Sephardic studies fellowships…
The Eisner Foundation awarded grants totaling $2.4 million to 17 nonprofits across the country for intergenerational programs…
Marshall Cohen, the creator of the Greater Pittsburgh Book Festival, donated his collection of more than 3,500 tomes to the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh…
The Tepper Foundation, founded by Carolina Panthers owner David Tepper in 1996, is awarding a $8.75 million grant to the Jewish Federations of North America to help over 100 individual Jewis
Bloomberg Philanthropies is launching a new $75 million international initiative to combat blindness, including expanding access to vision screenings, cataract surgeries and eyeglasses…
Las Vegas Sands, the casino corporation started by Sheldon Adelson, is donating $400,000 to Americares for its natural disaster and humanitarian relief efforts…
The Southern California-based Samueli Foundation announced grants totaling $11 million to 138 local nonprofits…
The Barrack Family Foundationdonated $10 million to the Philadelphia-area Jack M. Barrack Hebrew Academy to purchase from the Jewish Federation of Greater Philadelphia a portion of the Schwa
Jana and Michael Katz donated $538,000 to Birchway Niagara for the expansion of a 45-bed domestic violence shelter in Niagara Falls, Canada…
The Leslie J. Raffel Foundation committed $2.5 million to Indiana University Bloomington to establish an endowed chair in its Institute for the Study of Contemporary Antisemitism…
Philanthropist MacKenzie Scott donated $70 million to the United Negro College Fund as part of a broad $1 billion effort by the organization to strengthen the country’s historically Black co
Philanthropist MacKenzie Scott donated $70 million to the United Negro College Fund as part of a broad $1 billion effort by the organization to strengthen the country’s historically Black co
Arnold Ventures has announced $20 million in grants for Maryland youth, which will be matched by the state; this includes $14.4 million each for Maryland community colleges and $5.6 million 
Investor Bruce I. Jacobs has donated $60 million to the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School, his alma mater, to launch a master’s of science program in quantitative finance …
The Dianne and Irving Kipnes Foundation donated $18.2 million to Canada’s University of Alberta to establish an eponymous health research institute…
The Jewish South African Mauerberger Foundation Fund is donating $57,600 (ZAR 1 million) to the African nonprofit Gift of the Givers, which will go toward humanitarian aid efforts in Gaza…
The Ballmer Group is awarding a three-year, $3.1 million grant to New America, a Washington-based nonprofit think tank, for an initiative to combat evictions…
Investor and Democratic donor George Soros donated $10 million to the party’s new effort to redraw California’s congressional districts…
A $25,000 donation was made to the Yavapai County (Ariz.) Free Library District through the local Jewish Community Foundation to purchase online e-books and magazines for K-12 students…
The estate of Louise A. Strauss, a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania, donated $21 million to her alma mater; the funds will go toward the Herbert D. Katz Center for Advanced Judaic 
The Wallis Annenberg Legacy Foundation announced grants totaling $10 million to four local initiatives; these are the first allocations that have been made since Wallis Annenberg’s death in 
Reform Alliance, the nonprofit created by rapper Meek Mill, raised $20 million at an auction and blackjack tournament over the weekend
The government of Alberta, Canada, provided $1 million to Jewish Edmonton for the construction of a new Jewish community center in the city…
The London-based Wolfson Foundation announced the creation of a new $5.4 million funding pool to improve accessibility at local museums throughout the United Kingdom…
New York Mets owners Steve and Alex Cohen donated $2 million to the International Women’s Baseball Center, along with another $350,000 through their Amazin’ Mets Foundation…
Rebecca Feinglos donated $250,000 to The Preston Robert Tisch Brain Tumor Center at Duke University in honor of her parents, both of whom worked for Duke Health, to establish the Susan and M
Melinda French Gates announced a $100 million partnership between her umbrella group Pivotal and the nonprofit Wellcome Leap to focus on addressing areas of women’s health with the highest m
The Schnitzer family donated $13.5 million to the Portland (Ore.) Art Museum, whose director will now be called the “Arlene and Harold Schnitzer Director” in recognition of the gift…
David Mussafer, a Tulane University alum and chair of its board, and his wife, Marion, donated $10 million to the school to establish a hub for student internships…
Northwestern University trustee Jennifer Leischner Litowitz and Alec Litowitz donated $20 million to the school to establish the Center for Enlightened Disagreement, which will be named for 
The Swiss Friends of Yad Sarah raised $1.4 million for the Israeli nonprofit, which provides medical equipment and assistance to patients in Israel, at its inaugural gala last Sunday in Zuri
The Wynn family donated $5 million to Toronto’s Leo Baeck Day School; in recognition of the gift, the school’s building will be named the Phil and Cees Wynn Centre for Jewish Education…
The Lilly Endowment awarded a $2.5 million grant to the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum to grow its programs on ethics, religion and the Holocaust…
Television producer Dick Wolf donated $10 million to Mount Desert Island Hospital in Bar Harbor, Maine, for construction of a new emergency department, upgraded surgical suites and a new ent
Las Vegas Sands, the casino firm created by Sheldon Adelson, donated $300,000 to Nevada Partnership for Homeless Youth…
Ben J. and Dorit Genet donated $1.6 million to the Israeli Modern Orthodox Ohr Torah Stone network for its women’s seminary in the central Israeli city of Lod, which will be renamed Lod Midr
The London-based Gerald and Gail Ronson Family Foundation provided a total of $1.2 million to two STEM-focused schools in the southern Israeli city of Ashkelon, Ronson Afridar and Henry Rons
Hadassah, The Women’s Zionist Organization of America, raised $23 million at its recent 2025 Founders Dinner in Miami to support its medical center in Jerusalem; the bulk of the funds came f
The Simons Foundation committed $8 million to an initiative, the Simons Collaboration on Black Holes and Strong Gravity, which will be run through 12 international research institutions and 
Elizabeth Simons, the daughter of Jim Simons, pledged $250,000 to a super PAC supporting New York City Democratic mayoral candidate Zohran Mamdani…
Penni and Stephen Weinberg, through their family fund, which is part of the Joseph and Florence Mandel Family Foundation, announced a $5 million gift to University Hospitals Cleveland Medica
The Tisch Cancer Institute at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai in New York City received a $4 million grant from the American Cancer Society, which will establish the Cancer Healt
Philadelphia-area philanthropist Gene Epstein committed $1 million to provide annual scholarships for 100 students from Bucks County, Pa., to attend Bucks County Community College without st
The Knight Foundation, MacArthur Foundation, Ford Foundation, Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, Schmidt Family Foundation and the Melinda Gates-run Pivotal Ventures have collectively committed
The London-based Gerald and Gail Ronson Family Foundation is donating over $1.2 million to Israel Sci-Tech Schools, which will go toward upgrades at two ISTS schools in Ashkelon…
Nike co-founder Phil Knight and his wife, Penny Knight, will donate $2 billion to the Knight Cancer Institute at Oregon Health & Science University, which the institution said was the larges
The National Library of Israel received this week the original manuscript of Naomi Shemer’s song “Al Kol Eleh,” (“For these things”), which was gifted by the family of Ruth Nussbaum, Shemer’
The estate of Louise Strauss donated $40 million to Harcum College, a private associate degree-awarding college outside Philadelphia; this is the largest single gift the institution has ever
The Roy Lichtenstein Foundation awarded a $2 million grant to the Smithsonian Institution to support the preservation and archiving of digital materials and digital-born art…
The Pearlman Foundation is donating its entire art collection, including works by Edouard Manet and Vincent van Gogh, to three institutions: the Brooklyn Museum, the Los Angeles County Museu
The Arthur M. Blank Family Foundation is awarding five grants totaling $2.7 million to food banks in Georgia and Montana…
The Mid Island Y JCC in Plainview, N.Y., received a $950,000 grant through the American Rescue Plan Act…
Arnold Ventures has announced 50 grants totaling $15 million to support research on criminal justice and community safety…
The Siegel Family Endowment in New York City has announced $17 million worth of grants to a wide variety of nonprofits that are “pioneering innovative approaches to learning, work and commun
Real estate investor and philanthropist Howard Silver and his wife, Lisa Johnson, made a $1 million gift to the Ottawa Hospital’s Campaign to Create Tomorrow…
A grant for an undisclosed amount from the Blank Family Foundation and the Atlanta Falcons — the NFL team owned by billionaire Arthur Blank — to HBCUs Clark Atlanta University and Morehouse 
Massachusetts-based philanthropist Todd Patkin has announced a $5 million donation to the World Zionist Village, a planned 16-acre campus for Zionist education south of Beersheva, Israel; th
The Tepper Foundation awarded a $70,000 early childhood security grant to JEWISHcolorado through the Jewish Federations of North America…
Google has announced grants totaling some $37 million to boost artificial intelligence initiatives across Africa…
Hillel International will award nearly $350,000 to more than 60 students across 12 scholarship categories next year in its largest-yet cohort of scholarship recipients…
The Kamin Family Foundation donated $65 million to the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center to construct the Daniel G. and Carole L. Kamin Tower, a 636-bed facility next to the current ho
The Heising-Simons Foundation has awarded three grants totaling $5 million for projects forecasting the effect of ice sheet loss on global sea levels…
A $100 million matching grant from the Weill Family Foundation will bring together two leading cancer centers to launch the Weill Cancer Hub West…
The Leona M. and Harry B. Helmsley Charitable Trust has donated $1.5 million to expand plastic removal efforts on Hawaii’s coastlines…
Los Angeles-based Haredi philanthropist Rabbi Berel Weiss donated $5 million to Jerusalem yeshivot that have lost state funding over students’ refusal to enlist in the military…
A coalition of funders, led by the Gates Foundation and the Ballmer Group, have committed $1 billion to develop artificial intelligence tools for front-line workers…
The Edmond de Rothschild Foundation (Israel) and Jewish Federation Los Angeles, working with the Jewish Funders Network, have launched a $2 million matching program to encourage young profes
The American Jewish Committee donated $30,000 to the Community Foundation of the Texas Hill Country for flood relief efforts, a spokesperson for the organization told eJewishPhilanthropy; th
New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft wrote a check for $10,000 for Texas flood relief after passing a curbside fundraiser in the Hamptons…
Sidney and Caroline Kimmel donated $28 million to Philadelphia’s Thomas Jefferson University and Jefferson Health system, with $19 million allocated for improving the Thomas Jefferson Univer
Lynda and Stewart Resnick donated $10 million to the endowment of the Resnick Center for Herbert Bayer Studies, an Aspen, Colo., exhibition space and center for the study of art and culture…
The Jack, Joseph and Morton Mandel Foundation awarded a two-year, $150,000 grant to the Adam Theater, Boston’s nonprofit professional theater company, to allow the group to put on the play “
The Gates Foundation committed to providing $1.6 billion over five years to Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance, after the Trump administration pulled its support…
David and Judy Lobel donated $10 million to Jerusalem’s Shalem College, doubling the school’s endowment…
Alfred Moses awarded a $10 million gift to Georgetown Law for scholarships and other support for students committed to pursuing careers in public service…
British Jewish welfare nonprofit, Migdal Ohr, raised over $1 million in 36 hours to build bomb shelters and dormitories for the Zoharim Youth Village in Israel…
In his biggest annual donation in years, Warren Buffett donated $6 billion in Berkshire Hathaway stock to the Gates Foundation and four family charities on Friday…
The Alpha Epsilon Pi fraternity at the University of Missouri raised more than $200,000 for pancreatic cancer research through the American Cancer Society in their annual Rock-A-Thon event…
The Blavatnik Family Foundation donated $25 million to the University of Southern California’s School of Cinematic Arts to establish the Blavatnik Center for Virtual Production…
Jewish National Fund-USA has donated $1 million to causes in the city of Beersheva in response to the Iranian ballistic missile attacks on the city…
The David and Nicole Tepper Foundation announced more than $10 million in grants for food banks across North and South Carolina in the largest single commitment in the foundation’s history…
Kenneth Eisenberg donated $40 million to the University of Michigan through the charitable foundation he established with his wife, Frances
The Herbert Simon Family Foundation awarded a $2.5 million endowment gift to the Glaucoma Foundation, which will be used to establish the Herbert Simon Chair in Glaucoma Research and Innovat
Through the Jerry and Paula Gottesman Family Supporting Foundation, Paula Gottesman has donated an additional $500,000 to Israel Sci-Tech Schools, the country’s largest independent charter s
The Arthur M. Blank Family Foundation donated $10 million to the First Tee Junior Golf nonprofit…
Craigslist founder Craig Newmark has pledged $500,000 to The Forward…
Semyon and Janna Friedman donated $15 million to Mount Sinai Medical Center in South Florida to create an eponymous Advanced Research Institute…
Daniel Och and his wife, Jane, announced a $50 million gift to Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York City, where Och is a trustee, to “advance patient care and research”…
United Hatzalah raised over $18 million at its Manhattan gala on Wednesday night…
Pacific Northwest real estate developer Jordan Schnitzer donated $2.1 million to the Oregon Health & Science University center through his family’s foundation to establish the Harold Schnitz
The British Jewish disabilities nonprofit Kisharon Langdon raised $1.39 million in a 36-hour fundraising drive earlier this week…
Philadelphia Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie will donate $50 million to Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia and Penn Medicine for a new joint autism research initiative…
The Youth Renewal Fund raised $2.45 million for the Darca Schools in Israel at its New York gala on Monday…
The Las Vegas Sands has awarded a $270,000 grant to the LGBTQ+ Center of Southern Nevada…
A $11.5 million gift to the Heinz History Center by Daniel G. and Carole L. Kamin will allow the center and the Fort Pitt Museum to offer free admission for all children under 17 beginning o
Grants by FireAid totaling $25 million to support long-term recovery efforts following the January wildfires in Los Angeles will be distributed under the recommendation of the Annenberg Foun
The Pershing Square Foundation, founded by Giving Pledge signatory Bill Ackman, has awarded $5.25 million in seven grants to launch its Ovarian Cancer Challenge Grant initiative…
The Richard King Mellon Foundation awarded a $2.5 million grant to Pittsburgh’s Tree of Life for its education and remembrance center…
Alfred E. Mann Charities donated $12 million to Children’s Hospital Los Angeles for pediatric cell and gene therapy research and treatment…
The Samueli Foundation has contributed an additional $2 million in unrestricted funding to each of three organizations focused on eviction prevention: Pathways of Hope, South County Outreach
Eric B. Stillman was hired to serve as the next president and CEO of the Florida Holocaust Museum, which will reopen on Sept
Adam Katz was named the next president of the Foundation to Combat Antisemitism; he succeeds Tara Levine, who will stay on as the group’s chief partnership officer…
Eva Wyner, previously deputy director of Jewish affairs for New York Gov
Rabbi Elchonon Feldman was elected the next chair of the U.K.’s Rabbinic Council of the United Synagogue; he succeeds Rabbi Pinchas Hackenbroch, who has served in the role for the past four 
Steven Schauder was named the next executive director of Philadelphia’s Jewish Relief Agency…
Arthur Maserjian, previously chief of staff at the Combat Antisemitism Movement, is now the senior director of the Combined Jewish Philanthropies’ Center for Combating Antisemitism…
The Blavatnik Family Foundation donated $15 million to NYU Langone Health to support the research of Evgeny A. Nudler, which the medical system said would go to cancer therapy, antibiotic re
The Skoll Foundation awarded a $5 million grant to the University of Arizona to support research into public health threats brought on by pandemics…
Hillel at the University of Delaware has secured $8 million in commitments for its $12 million capital campaign for a new facility; this includes three “lead gifts” of over $1 million each f
The University of Oregon received a $25 million donation — the largest single gift ever made to the school — from Portland, Ore.-based real estate developer and alumnus Jordan Schnitzer and 
The Shalom Institute camp and conference center in Malibu, Calif., has raised $8.5 million — $5.5 million from The Alan D. and Annette M. Leve Family Foundation and $3 million from the Koum 
The Epstein Family Foundation has pledged $10 million to the University of San Diego in a matching grant spread over the next five years to support the school’s military-connected students…
Keren Kayemeth LeIsrael-Jewish National Fund has approved its first-ever donation — of $100,000 — to support the Celebrate Israel Parade in New York City later this month
