# Real eJP published items — these SHOULD be admitted to the www stream.
# Source: ydp_goldset.json, 1085 items.
The Jewish Community Relations Council of Greater Washington launches its 2026 election series today with a primer on Israel’s electoral system featuring Adam Odesser, director of the Israel
The Israeli drama “10 Kilos,” which follows Sharon Yitzhaky’s years in a Bolivian prison after she was framed for smuggling cocaine into the country, premieres tonight in Hollywood with a Q&
The Montreal City Council is slated to hold a vote this evening on a resolution that would declare a genocide in Gaza and “recognize and denounce the apartheid regime in Palestine.” The reso
This evening, the Lawrence Family Jewish Community Center in La Jolla, Calif., will host former hostage Eli Sharabi at a community-wide event where he will discuss his memoir, Hostage.
Ben Gurion Airport officially became the world’s most disrupted airport today due to ongoing effects of Wednesday’s wildcat strike.
The Jewish Federation of Greater Seattle and StandWithUs Northwest are hosting IDF lone soldier Ira Kohler, who will share his front-line experiences defending Kibbutz Be’eri during the Oct
The Nashville Jewish Film Festival, created as a forum to help the wider local community understand the complexity of issues surrounding contemporary Jewish life, will host its opening night
Ofir Akunis, Israel’s consul general in New York, is slated to address the Sephardic Rabbinic Conference during its final day in New York City.
The Rocky Mountain Jewish Historical Society at the University of Denver is hosting Yeshiva University’s Rabbi Stuart Halpern today for a talk on his book Jewish Roots of American Liberty.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s Likud party is holding its primaries across Israel today.
The second annual Sephardic Rabbinic Conference kicks off today in New York City, bringing together over 150 rabbis and communal figures
The Docu.Text Festival kicks off on Sunday at the National Library of Israel in Jerusalem.
Parents, alumni and other stakeholders of Camp Lavi are continuing their efforts to prevent the camp from being sold to another organization, launching a crowdfunding campaign that has so fa
The Mamram Alumni Association, which unites veterans of the Israel Defense Forces’ elite computing unit, will host an invitation-only founders meetup today at Google in Tel Aviv, featuring a
Jewish relief groups are beginning to provide emergency response services following the 7.4 magnitude earthquake that struck western Colombia earlier this week…
The Greater Miami Jewish Federation launched an emergency relief fund after a 7.4 magnitude earthquake in western Colombia on Monday rocked more than 20 municipalities across the country, ki
Tomorrow afternoon in Israel, the Jewish Theological Seminary will present President Isaac Herzog with an honorary degree at a ceremony at the President’s Residence in Jerusalem, formalizing
A federal bankruptcy court in New Jersey will meet today to review a new plan for the sale of Camp Lavi in Lakewood, Pa
The Rohr Jewish Learning Institute’s annual National Jewish Retreat runs through Sunday in Miami.
The Rohr Jewish Learning Institute’s annual National Jewish Retreat kicked off last night and runs through Sunday in Miami.
Israel’s Education Ministry, Ministry of Immigration and Absorption and Nefesh B’Nefesh launched the National Educator’s Aliyah Program earlier today, seeking to fast-track the immigration a
The Jewish Federations of North America’s National Young Leadership Cabinet retreat concludes today in Minneapolis.
Oral arguments begin today in a federal court in Washington inNational Ben Gamla Jewish Charter School Foundation, Inc
This evening, the remains of Zionist visionary Theodor Herzl’s grandparents, Shimon Leib and Rivka Herzl, will be reinterred in Israel’s Mount Herzl National Cemetery in Jerusalem.
It’s primary day in Michigan, Kansas, Missouri, Virginia and Washington state.
The Israel on Campus Coalition’s annual National Leadership Summit concludes this afternoon in Washington.
3GNY, an organization of descendants of Holocaust survivors, will host its second annual Evening Under the Stars benefit this evening at the Moise Safra Center in New York, honoring co-found
Aid L’Shalom, a nonprofit supporting cancer patients, will host a summer soiree this evening in Monsey featuring motivational speaker Gedale Fenster and singer Joey Newcomb with Tobi Rubinst
JCC Maccabi Games kicked off yesterday in Kansas City and Toronto with more than 3,000 Jewish teen athletes competing in the games that run through Friday.
Israel on Campus Coalition’s 2026 National Leadership Summit is underway in Washington.
Additional bids have been put in for summer camps that went up for auction after the Shabsels brothers declared bankruptcy in June.
The Israel on Campus Coalition National Leadership Summit kicks off on Sunday in Washington
Michigan Attorney General Dana Nessel is co-hosting an antisemitism roundtable with the Anti-Defamation League to hear from Jewish community leaders about recent antisemitic incidents in the
Aish and Partners in Torah, in partnership with CoronaCrush and more than 80 Jewish organizations, will host a free virtual Tu B’Av speed-dating event this evening that is expected to draw o
Jewish Federations of North America is hosting a breakfast for Jewish leaders in honor of Sen
The Paley Museum in New York opens its “Beyond the Headlines: Jewish Life in America Today” this evening, kicking off a four-part series on the “Media’s Role in Combating Antisemitism,” with
The 20th Sami Rohr Prize for Jewish Literature will be awarded to Haaretz journalist Amir Tibon for his Oct
Also this evening, Central Synagogue in Manhattan will hold a memorial service for Wesley LePatner, one year after the Blackstone executive and Jewish philanthropist was killed in a shooting
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu took off earlier today for Washington, where tomorrow he’ll both meet with President Donald Trump and attend the funeral for Sen
Jewish National Fund-USA is holding its David Frank Memorial Golf Classic today in Pacific Palisades, Calif.
We’ll be keeping a close eye over the weekend on the situation in the Middle East amid continued U.S. strikes on Iran and Iranian attacks across the region.
RikudAmerica, a three-day Israeli dance camp in Cherry Hill, N.J., marking the 250th anniversary of the Declaration of Independence and honoring leaders of the American Israeli dance scene, 
The Rochester Jewish Film Festival begins Sunday and runs through Aug
This evening marks the start of Tisha B’Av, the fast day commemorating the destruction of the First and Second Temples in Jerusalem, among other tragedies
Tzohar is hosting its Annual Summer Conference today at the Expo Tel Aviv, with speakers including Eric Goldstein, the outgoing CEO of UJA-Federation of New York; Shlomit Mali, the CEO of AM
In New York, Jewish Women International is hosting a daylong workshop series focused on Jewish women in the workplace.
More than a dozen Jewish and pro-Israel groups, including the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations, the Israeli-American Council, the Jewish Federations of North A
This evening in Tel Aviv, the Hashiloach quarterly journal is hosting an event at the Center for Israeli Freedom on the question of “Where is American Jewry heading?” featuring Hashiloach Ed
For the ninth consecutive night, U.S. forces struck Iranian targets as Iran continues to target Kuwait, Bahrain and Jordan with missiles and drones
This evening, UJA-Federation of New York will host its Westchester Professional Women event, featuring Jaya Apparel Group CEO Jane Siskin in conversation with Bloomingdale‘s personal shopper
Adamah’s Jewish Green Business Network will hold its first Chicago happy hour this evening, bringing together Jewish professionals who work in the climate and sustainability space.
American Friends of Soroka Medical Center is hosting a Shabbat dinner tonight at Fifth Avenue Synagogue in Manhattan to raise support for the hospital.
Jewish Council for Public Affairs CEO Amy Spitalnick will join a fireside chat on Saturday at the American Federation of Teachers Convention, hosted by AFT President Randi Weingarten, alongs
After an 18-year run dedicated to Israel education, the iCenter closes its doors today
Ahead of Tisha B’Av, Anu Museum of the Jewish People in Tel Aviv is hosting a “Leadership Mifgash” this evening, connecting American non-Orthodox Jewish leaders to Israeli Religious Zionist 
The American Federation of Teachers’ annual convention kicks off this morning in Washington.
France marks Holocaust Remembrance Day today, commemorating the 1942 Vel’ d’Hiv Roundup, in which Vichy police detained more than 13,000 Jews, leading to their deportation to Nazi camps.
The 46th San Francisco Jewish Film Festival, presented by the Jewish Film Institute, opens this evening.
Bankrupt camps owner Simad Holdings, which went under last month and may face criminal proceedings, has started selling its properties to cover its debts
The Knesset is expected to vote today on a contentious bill allowing universities to offer gender-segregated master’s and doctoral degrees before parliament dissolves for recess on Friday.
The Knesset yesterday passed a contentious Basic Law designating Torah study a “foundational value” of the state, granting it quasi-constitutional status as part of an effort to preserve bro
The Congressional Caucus on Black-Jewish Relations is getting a private tour of the National Building Museum today to see two new exhibits, including “A Better Life for Their Children: Juliu
Israelis will go to the polls in new elections on Oct
A Trump administration proposal to give federal agencies broader power to cut off grants to nonprofits deemed out of step with what they define as the “national interest” has drawn nearly 10
Today, the American Muslim & Multifaith Women’s Empowerment Council is convening Jewish, Christian, and Muslim leaders at the National Press Club in Washington for its second National Coalit
The Claims Conference is hosting a 75th anniversary cocktail reception at the Center for Jewish History in Manhattan this evening
On Sunday evening, Israeli President Isaac Herzog will host a state ceremony marking the 50th anniversary of the 1976 Entebbe rescue mission.
Also on Sunday, over 5,000 North American and Israeli teens will gather for RootOne’s annual Big Tent Event at LivePark stadium in Rishon LeZion, outside Tel Aviv
The Contemporary Antisemitism conference at the University of Haifa wraps up today with a keynote speech from philosopher and author Bernard-Henri Lévy
The 4thPresident Donald Trump said that the United States’ ceasefire agreement with Iran was “over,” calling the country “scum,” after a round of back-and-forth attacks that began with Irani
The annual Contemporary Antisemitism conference continues today in Haifa.
Today, Tel Aviv University is launching the Sylvan Adams Sport Science Institute, which will connect academia and elite sport.
Also at Tel Aviv University, former U.S. Ambassador to Japan Rahm Emanuel will give an address laying out his vision for the future of U.S.-Israel relations.
This evening, Holocaust survivors Vera and Laszlo Adler will throw out the ceremonial first pitch as the Tampa Bay Rays face the New York Yankees at Tropicana Field in St
The 4th Annual Conference for Educators on Jewish Peoplehood is taking place today at Merkaz Hadarim Cultural Center in Haifa.
Also in Haifa, the Contemporary Antisemitism 2026 conference is underway at the University of Haifa, running through Thursday
Jewish Funders Network is hosting its Jerusalem Summer Gathering this evening at the home of philanthropist Ruth Cummings.
The Christians United For Israel Summit continues today in Washington, with its annual Night to Honor Israel dinner set for tonight.
In Jerusalem, the National Library of Israel is kicking off its U.S. semiquincentennial commemorations with an evening event focused on “Celebrating America at 250.” Wendy Singer, the librar
Allen & Co.‘s annual Sun Valley retreat is taking place this week in Idaho, with a guest list expected to include David Ellison, David Zaslav, Barry Diller, Bob Iger, Mark Zuckerberg, Alex K
Tonight in Tel Aviv, Momentum will host its opening program as the organization welcomes 200 participants — 100 mothers from the U.S., alongside 100 educators from Israel, the U.S., Mexico, 
The Contemporary Antisemitism 2026 conference, which kicks off tomorrow morning at the University of Haifa, will first host a pre-program event at the city’s Tikotin Museum, with professor S
The October Council, a group of bereaved families and Oct
Americans will celebrate the country’s semiquincentennial with events around the U.S. through the weekend
In Washington, Jacob Helberg, the under secretary of state for economic affairs, and Trump administration antisemitism envoy Yehuda Kaploun will host a Shabbat dinner tomorrow at the U.S. In
In New York on Saturday, former Israeli hostage Alon Ohel will play the piano alongside Five For Fighting singer John Ondrasik on the USS Nimitz as part of the International Naval Review 250
Christians United For Israel’s annual summit kicks off on Sunday in Washington
The 22nd Maccabiah Games will kick off this evening with an opening ceremony at Jerusalem’s Teddy Stadium
The Jewish Agency’s Board of Governor meeting concludes today in Tel Aviv.
The Israeli Embassy in Washington will hold a “Zionist LGBTQ+ celebration” on the last day of Pride Month in memory of slain embassy staffer Sarah Milgrim’s allyship.
In Israel, Reichman University’s Herzliya Conference kicks off, focusing this year on national security and national resilience.
The Jewish Agency for Israel‘s Board of Governors, which kicked off its annual meeting yesterday, is spending today on site visits in southern Israel; the meeting will conclude tomorrow afte
The MIXiii Health-Tech.IL conference opens today in Jerusalem with remarks from Israel Advanced Technology Industries President & CEO Karin Mayer Rubinstein, Israel Innovation Authority CEO 
At the Aspen Ideas Festival today, Central Synagogue’s Rabbi Angela Buchdahl joins David DeSteno to discuss her recent memoir Heart of a Stranger.
The Jewish Agency for Israel’s Board of Governors will meet Sunday through Thursday at the David InterContinental Hotel in Tel Aviv.
On Sunday, the Edlavitch DCJCC in Washington will host a 36-mile “Ride for the Living” bike ride honoring Holocaust victims and celebrating Jewish life, held in tandem with the annual ride f
The Museum of Jewish Heritage in New York is hosting a two-day mah-jongg festival on Sunday and Monday.
We are monitoring the situation in Venezuela after twin earthquakes caused massive damage in the country’s north
The annual Aspen Ideas Festival, which brings together leading figures from politics, business, media and academia, kicks off today in Colorado with an opening session featuring Aspen Instit
Thousands of people are marching through Jerusalem today as part of the city’s annual March for Pride and Tolerance, this year under the banner of, “Demanding change.”
New York saw a number of anti-Israel candidates win their Democratic congressional primaries yesterday against more moderate opponents, alongside the victories of Rep
Israel’s Kibbutz Movement Rehabilitation Fund is hosting a panel discussion today about the challenges facing communities on the country’s northern border.
French President Emmanuel Macron will induct Marc Bloch, a French Jewish historian and World War II resistance fighter who was executed by the Nazis, to the country’s Pantheon today in Paris
The Association of Jewish Libraries is hosting its 2026 annual conference through tomorrow in Evanston, Ill., bringing together librarians, scholars and Jewish library advocates for programm
The Jewish Alliance for Law and Social Action is holding its 2026 annual meeting today in Boston honoring Rick Henken, the president of The Schochet Companies, for his leadership in affordab
The Charles and Lynn Schusterman Family Philanthropies’ final ROI Summit kicked off last night in Jerusalem and continues through Wednesday celebrating the conclusion of the program’s 20-yea
In Jerusalem, the Jerusalem News Syndicate’s policy summit continues into its second day, after an opening plenary on Sunday that included remarks from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netany
Jewish News Syndicate’s second annual international policy conference kicks off Sunday in Jerusalem at the Waldorf hotel featuring a host of speakers from the current Israeli government.
In New York, the Jewish Food Society’s Great Nosh will take place on Sunday on Governors Island.
The Orthodox Union’s Advocacy Attorneys Conference begins Sunday and runs through Monday in Washington, bringing together lawyers to talk strategy on fighting antisemitism through the law.
Today marks the 32nd anniversary of the death of the Lubavitcher Rebbe, Menachem Mendel Schneerson
The Lab/Shul will celebrate its 13th anniversary this evening at the Brooklyn Bowl, where Harry Otterman will receive the Jodi Cohen & L Michael Graver Legacy Award.
The Louis D. Brandeis Center for Human Rights Under Law is convening a daylong summit for more than 50 leading litigators and legal experts today at the Capital Jewish Museum in Washington t
UJA-Federation of New York and Congregation Rodeph Sholom in Manhattan are hosting an event this evening with cookbook author Jake Cohen in conversation with former UJA President Jeff Schoen
Also in New York, the Children’s Museum of Manhattan is holding a ticker tape celebration for kids to celebrate the New York Knicks’ NBA championship win over the weekend
The Sami Rohr Jewish Literary Institute announced the winner of the annual Sami Rohr Prize today, presenting the award for nonfiction to Amir Tibon for his personal account of the Oct
Riverside Memorial Chapel in Manhattan is hosting a rededication ceremony today to celebrate the completion of its $18 million restoration and the 100th anniversary of its Amsterdam Avenue l
Keren Olam HaTorah, which finances yeshivas and kollels throughout Israel, is hosting an event this evening at Yeshiva Chofetz Chaim in Queens, N.Y.
The SRE Network Convening, focused on advancing safety, respect and gender equity across the Jewish nonprofit sector, kicks off this afternoon in New York City.
Brothers for Life, an Israeli organization serving injured IDF veterans, is marking its 18th anniversary with a donor mission in Israel this week.
Chabad of San Antonio is hosting a Shabbat dinner tonight for basketball fans in town for the weekend as the New York Knicks take on the San Antonio Spurs on Saturday in Game 5 of the NBA Fi
The Jewish Council for Public Affairs’ two-day National Summit kicks off on Sunday in New York City.
Sasha Volodarsky of the Collaborative for Applied Studies in Jewish Education and eJP’s Judah Ari Gross will moderate a Zoom panel this afternoon on engagement with interfaith couples and mi
Author Hussain Abdul-Hussain is celebrating the release of his new book, The Arab Case for Israel, at a launch party in Washington this evening.
The Jewish Federation of Dutchess County (N.Y.) will host its ninth annual gala this evening, with remarks by Rabbi Maj
A bipartisan group of lawmakers will introduce the Jewish American Security Act this morning in the House of Representatives — a bill to improve security for Jewish institutions and crack do
The Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations is holding a daylong convening on antisemitism today in New York City.
Also in New York, the Auschwitz Jewish Center Foundation will present New York City Council Speaker Julie Menin with its Fighting Hatred Award tonight.
Chabad Loft will host its Summer Cocktail Benefit this evening at Chelsea Hall in New York City
The Simon Wiesenthal Center is hosting a gala this evening in Chicago, where it will present its 2026 Humanitarian Award and Medal of Valor and debut Illinois’ newest Mobile Museum of Tolera
The House Judiciary Committee is holding a hearing on the Southern Poverty Law Center
Also in Washington, Chabad-Lubavitch’s Living Legacy International Conference, which kicked off last night, resumes this morning with a congressional leadership breakfast followed by events 
Agudath Israel of America is holding a dinner tonight to dedicate its new Washington office and pay tribute to Rabbi Abba Cohen, the longtime head of the group’s D.C. operations.
We’re closely monitoring the situation in Israel and the rest of the Middle East after Iran fired a barrage of missiles at Israel last night, sparking a fresh round of fighting
Later today, Bar-Ilan University will host the second annual Cherrick Family Lecture, examining how the teachings of the late Chief Rabbi Lord Jonathan Sacks and the biblical Burning Bush st
Rachel Goldberg-Polin and Jon Polin will be the keynote speakers at tonight’s annual Rabin lecture hosted by Washington Hebrew Congregation and the Milton Gottesman Jewish Day School.
This Shabbat, JCRC-NY and UJA-Federation of New York will host a citywide Civic Engagement Shabbat to bring local Jewish communities and elected officials together for dialogue and collectiv
Thousands of people are marching through Jerusalem today as part of the city’s annual March for Pride and Tolerance, this year under the banner of, “Demanding change.”
To mark Holocaust Survivor Day, New York City Council Speaker Julie Menin is slated to meet today with survivors and their families at UJA-Federation of New York headquarters.
Elsewhere in New York, Tech Tribe is hosting a dinner tonight with Yossi Farro and Rabbi Mordechai Lightstone on the sidelines of NYC Tech Week.
In Geneva, UN Watch is holding its annual gala dinner
The Israel Democracy Institute’s Eli Hurvitz Conference on the Israeli economy wraps up today in Jerusalem.
Israeli President Isaac Herzog’s Voice of the People initiative is hosting an open discussion showcasing the various programs that have been developed by participants as the first cohort mak
The Altneu Synagogue on Manhattan’s Upper East Side is launching a new art exhibition tonight examining the “golden age” of American Jewry.
The Israel Democracy Institute kicked off its annual Eli Hurvitz Conference this morning in Jerusalem with IDI President Yohanan Plesner, Governor of the Bank of Israel Amir Yaron and MKs Av
OLAM’s The Focal Point conference concludes today in New York City and will feature a closing plenary with remarks from the organization’s CEO, Dyonna Ginsburg, as well as Rachel Goldberg-Po
The American Jewish Committee’s Global Forum concludes today in Washington.
T’ruah: The Rabbinic Call for Human Rights is holding its annual gala tonight at Congregation B’nai Jeshurun in New York City
The Jewish international aid and umbrella group Olam’s annual two-day Focal Point conference kicks off today in New York City
The American Jewish Committee’s Global Forum kicked off yesterday in D.C. This year’s forum brings together over 2,000 advocates to address issues facing the Jewish community, Israel and the
The Israeli Embassy in Washington is holding a memorial this morning for slain staffers Sarah Milgrim and Yaron Lischinsky, who were killed in a terror attack outside the Capital Jewish Muse
Yesterday marked the start of Diaspora Week, an annual Israeli program by the Ministry for Diaspora Affairs, the Jewish People Policy Institute, the Ami Initiative and other partners, which 
Also in Israel, the Knesset is holding its first reading of a bill to dissolve the parliament and trigger elections.
Tomorrow, the Israeli Democracy Institute will kick off its two-day Eli Hurvitz Conference in Jerusalem, bringing together key national figures to tackle Israel’s most critical economic and 
Temple Emanu-El in New York City is kicking off a new multiyear series tonight following Shabbat services, “Shared Histories, Shared Futures: The Arielle Patrick & Aaron Goldstein Initiative
The Jewish Community Relations Council of New York’s annual Israel Parade on Fifth takes place on Sunday in Manhattan
The American Jewish Committee’s Global Forum kicks off on Sunday
The Museum of Jewish Heritage – A Living Memorial to the Holocaust is launching a new exhibit on Sunday ahead of this summer’s World Cup, titled “Tell Our Boy That I Played Soccer Again,” ab
Elsewhere in New York on Sunday, the Republican Jewish Coalition is holding its USA 250 Gala Dinner
The Israeli humanitarian assistance nonprofit IsraAid is sending a delegation to the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda to help address a growing Ebola outbreak.
The Stephen Wise Free Synagogue in Manhattan is concluding its third Re-Charging Reform Judaism conference today
U.S. Ambassador to Israel Mike Huckabee is slated to deliver the commencement address at Yeshiva University at the school’s graduation ceremony this afternoon.
The Stephen Wise Free Synagogue in Manhattan is kicking off its third Re-Charging Reform Judaism conference, which runs today and tomorrow, bringing together more than 300 Reform rabbis, pro
The Ruderman Family Foundation is hosting its annual conference on Israel-U.S. relations today in Tel Aviv.
We’re monitoring emerging reports of a potential framework for a lasting ceasefire between the U.S. and Iran.
Today marks the one-year anniversary of the terror attack at the Capital Jewish Museum that killed two Israeli Embassy staffers outside of an American Jewish Committee event taking place ins
The Jewish Community Relations Council of Greater Washington is holding candidate forums today with D.C. mayoral candidates Kenyan McDuffie and Janeese Lewis George.
The Knesset unanimously advanced a bill to dissolve the parliament, which would move up elections that are slated to take place no later than Oct
The American Innovation Forum is hosting an event this evening at the American Hub in Jerusalem featuring a panel with Tamir Goodman, Orit Greenbaum Lipski and Muawyah Akash.
Also in Jerusalem, HaGal Sheli, the Israeli nonprofit that uses surfing to combat post-traumatic stress disorder, is hosting a gala event tonight at the Tower of David, featuring leaders fro
The Jewish Federations of North America, Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations, Combat Antisemitism Movement and the Weitzman National Museum of American Jewish His
The Jewish Federations of North America is bringing hundreds of Jewish community leaders to Capitol Hill today to push Congress to increase funding for the Nonprofit Security Grant Program; 
The Washington Nationals will host Jewish Community Day as the baseball team takes on the New York Mets at Nationals Park.
In New York, the Stephen Wise Free Synagogue is holding its spring benefit, where the congregation will honor Proskauer Rose’s Ira Bogner and former State Department antisemitism envoy Debor
The first-ever multidisciplinary Israeli Science Conference kicks off today in New York City, featuring Israeli and American scientists, researchers and academic leaders, aimed at connecting
The Israeli Ministry of Transportation’s Samson International Smart Mobility Summit continues today in Tel Aviv
The National Task Force to Combat Antisemitism will meet today at the Museum of the Bible in Washington
The Interfaith March for Human Rights and Peace will take place this evening in Jerusalem, bringing together Jews, Muslims, Christians and Druze for a procession from the Jerusalem Internati
The Israeli HaShomer HaChadash volunteer organization is hosting a gala tonight in Tel Aviv, featuring some of its main funders, including Dr
Jewish organizations and congregations will be hosting special events this weekend for Shabbat 250, a national initiative launched by President Donald Trump
The Good People Fund will host its 18th Anniversary Celebration Sunday evening at Congregation B’nai Israel in Milburn, N.J., as the organization honors founder Naomi Eisenberger as she hand
On Sunday, the Lower East Side Jewish Conservancy will launch the Herz Heritage Trail, a new project that combines archival research and augmented reality to preserve and document the rich J
The inaugural World Symposium Against Antizionism will take place on Sunday in Toronto
A Hezbollah drone strike near the northern Israeli town of Rosh Hanikra wounded three civilians today, including two who remain in serious condition, in one of the first attacks by the Leban
Thousands of Israelis are expected to march through Jerusalem’s Old City this afternoon as part of the annual “Flag March” to mark Jerusalem Day, which begins tonight, when Israel celebrates
UJA-Federation of New York is hosting its annual Sports Luncheon later today
The Jewish Service Alliance Israel Service Seminar, a partnership between Yahel and Repair the World, which kicked off earlier this week, continues today
COJECO, which supports and represents New York City’s Russian-speaking Jewish community, is hosting its 25th anniversary celebration tonight in Manhattan.
Also tonight, the Israeli Embassy in Washington is holding a belated Yom Ha’atzmaut reception.
Tomorrow morning, Israel will hold its annual memorial ceremony honoring the roughly 4,000 Ethiopian Jews who died while making aliyah, at Mount Herzl National Cemetery in Jerusalem.
The funeral for former Anti-Defamation League head Abe Foxman, who died on Sunday, will take place this morning at Park Avenue Synagogue.
The American Jewish Committee will present Cardinal Timothy Dolan with the group’s Nostra Aetate at Sixty Award today, honoring Dolan’s interfaith efforts on the 60th anniversary of the grou
The Anti-Defamation League is holding a Jewish American Heritage Month reception today on Capitol Hill.
Israeli Eurovision entrant Noam Battan will perform tonight when the contest’s semifinals kick off in Vienna.
The Jewish world is mourning the death of Abraham Foxman yesterday, with tributes to the Holocaust survivor and former national director of the Anti-Defamation League pouring in from around 
The World Jewish Congress kicked off its three-day governing board meeting yesterday in Geneva; the gathering marks the 90th anniversary of the organization’s founding and includes the 14th 
Jewish California’s (formerly the Jewish Public Affairs Committee of California) annual two-day Capitol Summit kicks off today in Sacramento
The 30th Annual Webby Awards will take place tonight in Manhattan
A demonstration in support of Britain’s Jewish community is scheduled for Sunday afternoon outside the prime minister’s residence in London.
Hebrew Union College is graduating the final class of rabbis from its Cincinnati campus, which is shutting down following the final ordination.
18x Elite Impact will showcase 150 new startups built by IDF reservists at its first annual “Summit Day” on Sunday in Tel Aviv.
The World Jewish Congress kicks off its three-day governing board meeting on Sunday in Geneva
Voters in the U.K. are casting ballots in local elections around the country, amid a spike in antisemitic violence in the country.
UJA-Federation of New York is hosting an intergenerational fireside chat in Manhattan tonight featuring Kim Murstein and Gail Rudnick, the creators of the popular podcast “Excuse My Grandma.
The Washington Institute for Foreign Policy is holding its annual policy dinner tonight.
The Network of Jewish Human Service Agencies continues its third day of its PowerNET 2026 conference in Toronto.
Israeli President Issac Herzog is kicking off his trip to Panama, marking the first time an Israeli president is visiting the country for an official diplomatic visit.
Israeli healthcare provider Clalit is hosting its Human-led AI Conference today in Tel Aviv.
The Milken Institute’s Global Conference concludes today in Los Angeles with addresses by Argentine President Javier Milei and Honduran President Nasry Asfura.
The Milken Institute Global Conference continues today in Los Angeles
Birthright Israel Foundation is hosting its New Jersey Gala honoring the Cooperman family this evening in Livingston, N.J.
A Good Option and Bereisheet Tech are hosting an event called Building Companies Shaping Nations in New York this evening
The Manhattan Jewish Historical Initiative is holding its 2026 Hall of Fame induction ceremony today in Bryant Park
In Washington, Hostages and Missing Families Forum U.S. co-founders Matan Sivek and Bar Ben Yaakov are being honored tonight with the James W. Foley Legacy Foundation’s humanitarian award
Public hearings began today for Australia’s Royal Commission on Antisemitism and Social Cohesion, which was launched after last year’s deadly terror attack at Sydney’s Bondi Beach
The Milken Institute’s 2026 Global Conference continues today
Challah Back Girls and OneTable are marking National Challah Days today and tomorrow, with baking, storytelling and Shabbat gathering events planned throughout the country.
The Milken Institute Global Conference begins on Sunday in Beverly Hills, Calif
The Combat Antisemitism Movement is holding an event today in Savannah, Ga., with nearly 50 mayors from across the U.S. celebrating the start of Jewish American Heritage Month, which begins 
The annual Jewish pilgrimage to Djerba, Tunisia, begins today, ahead of next week’s Lag B’Omer holiday.
King Charles III and Queen Camilla are traveling to New York City today, where they’ll visit the 9/11 Memorial at One World Trade Center and meet with families of 9/11 victims and first resp
Elluminate is concluding its inaugural two-day Global Jewish Women’s Network Summit today in New York City.
The Zionist Rabbinic Coalition three-day annual conference continues today in DC.
The Academic Engagement Network’s three-day convening, which started earlier this week, continues today in New York City.
Reichman University’s Aaron Institute for Economic Policy kicked off its two-day annual conference this morning in Herzliya, Israel
Elluminate is hosting its inaugural Global Jewish Women’s Network Summit today and tomorrow in New York City.
The Zionist Rabbinic Coalition kicks off its three-day annual conference today, with speakers including Israeli Ambassador to the U.S. Yechiel Leiter, State Department antisemitism envoy Yeh
After a nearly four-hour delay, Israel’s Chief Rabbinate permitted three women to take a rabbinical exam today, in a historic first following a protracted legal battle.
The Jewish Women Entrepreneur Conference 2026 kicks off today in Newark, N.J., bringing together over 500 Jewish women for a day focused on business growth and leadership.
The Harold Grinspoon Foundation’s PJ Library is hosting its three-day international conference this week in Springfield, Mass.
The Israel Tech Week Conference kicks off today in Miami, featuring dozens of Israeli high-tech leaders and entrepreneurs.
The Israeli-American Council’s Celebrate Israel festival, featuring 27 events in cities across the U.S., which began last week, continues through May 3.
Tomorrow morning, Reichman University’s Aaron Institute for Economic Policy is hosting its annual conference in Herzliya,Israel
President Donald Trump announced a three-week extension of the ceasefire between Israel and Lebanon yesterday — still acknowledging Israel’s right to act in its own defense if attacked — aft
The Marcus Jewish Community Center of Atlanta is hosting Ambassador Deborah Lipstadt, who during the Biden administration served as the State Department’s special envoy to monitor and combat
The Jewish Community Center of the North Shore (Mass.) kicks off its International Jewish Film Festival this evening…
The Israel Prize ceremony is taking place this evening at the Jerusalem International Convention Center
The Anti-Defamation League is conducting a fly-in in Washington today, with members of the West Bloomfield, Mich., Jackson, Miss., and Boulder, Colo., Jewish communities — all of which have 
In Pittsburgh tonight, Robert Kraft’s Blue Square Alliance Against Hate will host a unity dinner for Black and Jewish students and fireside chat — alongside Gov
This evening, 92NY will host a conversation with New York City Council Speaker Julie Menin, Manhattan Borough President Brad Hoylman-Sigal and New York City Comptroller Mark Levine on the fu
Yom HaZikaron, Israel’s Memorial Day, will conclude later today as the country moves directly into Yom HaAtzmaut, its Independence Day
The Shul of Bal Harbour (Fla.) will host its annual dinner tonight where it will launch the Rabbi Shalom D. Lipsker Legacy Foundation.
The Paul E. Singer Foundation is kicking off its Countering Antisemitism conference in Miami today and tomorrow.
Israeli President Isaac Herzog will present the Presidential Medal of Honor to Argentine President Javier Milei today at the President’s Residence in Jerusalem.
Montgomery County, Md., leaders will announce $1.7 million in hate crimes prevention grants this afternoon for local nonprofits and faith-based organizations
Tonight marks the start of Israel’s Memorial Day, Yom HaZikaron, which will feature services throughout the country and a siren at 8 p.m
Israel’s main national ceremony will take place this evening at the Western Wall, followed by back-to-back events at Jerusalem’s Mt
A U.S.-brokered ceasefire between Israel and Lebanon is underway, launching an initial 10-day window for negotiations toward a permanent peace agreement between the two countries
Ahead of Israel’s Independence Day, the World Zionist Organization will hold a reading on Sunday of the country’s Declaration of Independence — with cantillation — at the Western Wall.
Brandeis University will present its 2026 Alumni Achievement Award on Sunday to actress Loretta Devine, Philadelphia Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie and cancer researcher Sheila Efron Taube for t
Also on Sunday night, Rachel Goldberg-Polin will be interviewed by Anderson Cooper on CBS’s “60 Minutes” ahead of the release on Tuesday of her new book, When We See You Again, about grievin
Harvard University is hosting a landmark public conference on antisemitism and civil rights today, one of the terms of a legal settlement between the school and the Louis D. Brandeis Center 
The American Jewish Historical Society is hosting a screening tonight of “They Fight With Cameras,” a new documentary about Jewish American WWII combat cameraman Walter Rosenblum.
The Shalom Hartman Institute’s Yehuda Kurtzer and The Atlantic’s Jeffrey Goldberg will sit in conversation at an event this evening at the Capital Jewish Museum focused on “Jewish America at
After being delayed due to the war with Iran, the Jerusalem Marathon will take place early tomorrow morning
Ohio Attorney General Dave Yost has filed a lawsuit to prevent Hebrew Union College from removing its assets from the state when the institution closes its Cincinnati rabbinical program next
Israel may be heading toward a constitutional crisis as the High Court of Justice hears a case today demanding the removal of National Security Minister Itamar Ben-Gvir over alleged illicit 
Anti-Defamation League CEO Jonathan Greenblatt and Rabbi Ammiel Hirsch will hold a town hall tonight at Stephen Wise Free Synagogue to discuss antisemitism in New York City.
The annual International March of the Living from Auschwitz to Birkenau is taking place this morning, with roughly 50 Holocaust survivors from around the world participating this year.
The U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum is hosting its annual Commemoration Ceremony this morning at the Capitol with Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick serving as the keynote speaker
The Jewish Agency for Israel is holding a “closing assembly” marking the end of Yom HaShoah at 1 p.m
Semafor’s World Economy Summit continues today in Washington
The World Jewish Congress, in partnership with 8200 Alumni Association, Generative AI for Good, Israel’s Diaspora Affairs Ministry and Voice of the People, is hosting a Hack the Hate NYC Sum
Yom HaZikaron laShoah ve-laG’vurah (better known as Yom HaShoah), Israel’s Holocaust and Heroism Remembrance Day, begins at sunset
Beginning today, the Claims Conference, in partnership with the Museum of Jewish Heritage – A Living Memorial, is hosting a weeklong Holocaust film series, with screenings throughout New Yor
In Hungary, Péter Magyar’s center-right opposition Tisza party appears poised to secure a supermajority following Sunday’s elections, ousting Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán, who has l
We are continuing to monitor the situation in Israel
On Sunday, the Anti-Defamation League and Museum of Jewish Heritage will hold their Annual Gathering of Remembrance at Temple Emanu-El in New York City ahead of Yom Hashoah — Holocaust Remem
Also on Sunday, Los Angeles is hosting the inaugural BagelFest West, a celebration of the beloved boiled-and-baked bread.
President Donald Trump’s deadline for Iran to reopen the Strait of Hormuz — or face attacks on its power grids and bridges — expires at 8 p.m
The Trump administration’s Board of Peace has given Hamas until the end of the week to accept a disarmament proposal.
President Donald Trump will issue a Passover greeting to Jewish leaders in the White House this afternoon.
We will be keeping an eye on developments in the Middle East
Security officials are also warning of increased threats to Jewish and Israeli targets around the world ahead of Passover.
Michael Dorf’s 33rd Annual Downtown Seder is taking place tonight at City Winery in Manhattan, featuring New York City Mayor Zohran Mamdani, former CNN anchor Don Lemon, singer David Broza a
The Pentagon is mulling sending an additional 10,000 troops to the Middle East, after calling up thousands of paratroopers from the 82nd Airborne Division earlier this week.
UJA-Federation of New York and the Jewish Community Relations Council-New York are holding a rally this morning in Manhattan to celebrate the City Council’s passage of two pieces of legislat
On Sunday, Atlanta’s Jewish Community Relations Council is leading an Interfaith Hunger Seder focused on the issue of food insecurity.
Iran has fired more than half a dozen missile barrages at Israel since 6:30 a.m
The House Committee on Education and Workforce is holding a hearing on foreign influence at American universities.
Jonah Platt will host tonight’s 75th Nation­al Jew­ish Book Awards Gala in New York City.
In Washington, Ruth Wisse is slated to deliver the annual Jefferson Lecture in the Humanities tonight at the Kennedy Center.
eJewishPhilanthropy is hosting a panel discussion today at 2 p.m
Tikkun Olam Makers is opening a new innovation center this evening at the Shefa School in New York City, with support from UJA-Federation of New York.
We are keeping an eye on the security situation in Israel
Police in London are investigating a series of overnight fires that damaged four Hatzola Northwest emergency vehicles in Golders Green, one of the city’s most heavily Jewish neighborhoods…
The Leffell Foundation’s fourth annual “Zionism: A New Conversation” conference is taking place in Florida today and tomorrow
Mazon: A Jewish Response to Hunger is kicking off a week of lobbying activities today, pushing Agriculture Secretary Brooke Rollins and the U.S. Department of Agriculture to address hunger a
In New York tonight, 92NY is hosting Canadian Israeli author Matti Friedman, who will sit in conversation with Abigail Pogrebin to discuss his new book, Out of the Sky: Heroism and Rebirth i
The Leffell Foundation’s third annual rabbinical conference kicks off on Sunday in Florida.
The Mir Yeshiva in Jerusalem is hosting its annual fundraising dinner on Sunday in Holmdel, N.J.
At least five people were killed in overnight strikes from Iran, including a foreign worker in Moshav Adanim in central Israel and four Palestinian women in the West Bank village of Beit Aww
Stardust Fertility, a nonprofit helping subsidize Jewish couples’ fertility costs, is holding its fourth-annual gala tonight in New York City
Also in New York, The Altneu Synagogue is hosting a gift-wrapping event this evening for children from single-parent families.
The Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs will have its confirmation hearing this morning for Sen
The Central Conference of American Rabbis’ annual convention concludes today in San Francisco.
The Israeli military is expanding its ground operations in southern Lebanon.
The Jewish Funders Network International Conference wraps up today in San Diego
In the wake of last week’s attack on Temple Israel in West Bloomfield Township, Mich., a delegation of Jewish officials from the Detroit area, including Jewish Federations of North America C
The Anti-Defamation League’s Never is Now conference also concludes today
The Jewish Funders Network annual conference continues today in San Diego
The Anti-Defamation League’s Never is Now conference begins today in New York.
New York City Mayor Zohran Mamdani is slated to briefly meet today with a group of largely local Orthodox Jewish leaders in the city, following a series of incidents in which Mamdani has had
Also in New York, The Next Step, a nonprofit helping Israelis who have lost limbs, is holding a gala tonight, after the originally scheduled event was postponed due to a snowstorm.
SXSW continues today, with Tech Tribe hosting its annual Shabbat dinner tonight.
The Orthodox LGBTQ group Eshel is kicking off its annual retreat today at the Pearlstone Retreat Center in Baltimore.
On Sunday, hundreds of Jewish philanthropists are convening in San Diego for the three-day annual Jewish Funders Network conference
The newly revitalized European Council of Jewish Communities is kicking off its sixth Summit for European Jewish Leaders on Sunday in Athens, Greece.
In New York on Sunday: HaZamir: The International Jewish Teen Choir, is slated to perform at Lincoln Center, albeit without the Israeli singers, who were unable to make it out of the country
The Zionist Organization of America is hosting a gala in South Florida on Sunday night, where the group will honor Sen
And StandWithUs is kicking off its four-day annual conference in Las Vegas on Sunday.
Teach Coalition’s New York branch is in Albany today, trying to push lawmakers to support measures for Jewish day schools in the state.
The annual weeklong SXSW festival kicks off today in Austin, Texas.
The Israel Defense Forces announced this morning that it is expanding its military operations in southern Lebanon.
The Tisch Center for Jewish Dialogue at ANU Museum of the Jewish People is hosting “The Great Mifgash” at 1 p.m
The Israeli disability nonprofit Shalva is holding its 36th anniversary gala tonight in New York City.
National Review and the Republican Jewish Coalition are co-sponsoring a daylong symposium on antisemitism in Washington
A group of Jewish organizations is hosting the “I Believe Israeli Women Summit” today on the sidelines of the United Nations’ Commission on the Status of Women events in New York City
Jewish Federation Los Angeles is holding its annual Interfaith Passover Seder this evening in L.A., where Mayor Karen Bass and other local elected officials are slated to speak.
Cardozo Law School’s Law and Antisemitism conference concludes today.
Team Israel faces off against the Dominican Republic in the World Baseball Classic today in Miami
Team Israel takes the field tomorrow night against Venezuela at the World Baseball Classic in Miami.
Birthright’s Excelerate26 summit takes place on Sunday in Manhattan; New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft, former Biden administration official Anne Neuberger and former Meta COO Sheryl S
The Shefa Center, which helps Jewish day schools educate students with learning difficulties, is hosting its first-ever conference on Sunday and Monday at the Shefa School in New York City.
The American branch of the Israeli liberal religious group Smol Emuni is holding its second annual conference on Sunday at B’nai Jeshurun Synagogue in New York City.
Also in Manhattan, Cardozo Law School’s two-day Law and Antisemitism conference kicks off on Sunday.
The Jewish Education Project is hosting a one-day gathering on Israel education with Hebrew Union College professor Sivan Zakai at Congregation Rodeph Sholom in New York City.
Reut USA’s “AJ2026: Launching a Decade of Renewal” kicks off today in Miami
The Israeli government approved the repatriation Operation Lion’s Wings to begin flying home Israeli nationals who are stuck abroad as the country’s airspace begins to reopen in response to 
UJA-Federation of New York is hosting author Izabella Tabarovsky tonight to speak about her latest book, Be a Refusenik: A Jewish Student’s Survival Guide.
We are closely monitoring the situation in Israel and the Middle East as the United States and Israeli continue conducting strikes on Iran, which is retaliating with missile and drone attack
The J Street national conference continues today in Washington
Today also marks International Agunah Day, highlighting the many women who are “chained” in marriages to recalcitrant husbands who refuse to give them a religious divorce.
We are keeping an eye on developments in the Middle East as President Donald Trump considers a military strike on Iran
J Street’s annual convention kicks off in Washington tomorrow evening
The National Building Museum is opening a new exhibition tomorrow focused on the Rosenwald Schools across the American South, which were funded by Jewish philanthropist Julius Rosenwald and 
The inaugural New York Jewish Teen Summit kicks off on Sunday in New York City, bringing together more than 200 teens from the New York metropolitan area for discussions on “Jewish leadershi
Dozens of Canadian Jews are arriving today in Tulsa, Okla., for a pilot trip as part of an initiative by the local federation, Lech L’Tulsa, to help them relocate to the city in light of ris
In California, JCRC Bay Area, the Jewish Federation Los Angeles and Jewish California (formerly known as JPAC) are hosting the Jewish California 2026 Governor Candidate Forum at the Skirball
The New York City Council is holding a hearing today on the bill that would create a buffer zone around places of worship.
Israeli President Isaac Herzog is in Ethiopia today for a one-day visit
Jewish Family Service LA is holding a discussion tonight on adult homelessness at the Gunther-Hirsh Family Center.
Australia launched its royal commission into antisemitism today, in response to the deadly December 2025 terror attack targeting a Hanukkah party at Sydney’s Bondi Beach.
The AIPAC Congressional Summit concludes today in Washington.
Tomorrow morning, the Knesset’s Caucus for Israel-U.S. Relations, which was spearheaded by the Ruderman Family Foundation, will meet at the Israeli parliament in Jerusalem; U.S. Ambassador t
We’re monitoring how the winter storm hitting the East Coast today is disrupting nearly everything up and down the Northeast corridor
Despite the snow, AIPAC’s annual Congressional Summit is continuing this week in Washington, after kicking off yesterday.
We’re also keeping an eye on developments in the Middle East, with President Donald Trump still considering a military strike on Iran.
We’re monitoring developments in the Middle East this weekend as President Donald Trump mulls military action against Iran.
The Chabad Lubavitch CTeen youth movement’s International Summit kicks off today in Brooklyn, N.Y.
AIPAC’s annual Congressional Summit begins on Sunday in Washington.
The Trump administration is convening its Board of Peace today in Washington.
Jewish Federations of North America CEO Eric Fingerhut will deliver the inaugural “State of the Jewish Union” address at the organization’s Washington headquarters.
The Good People Fund is holding a celebration in Tel Aviv tonight marking the grantmaker’s 18th anniversary
The International Federation of Social Workers is holding a vote today on whether to expel members of the Israeli Union of Social Workers, a day after the U.S.-based National Association of 
The Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations is continuing its annual mission to Israel, which began on Sunday.
Israel’s High Court of Justice held a hearing on the long-stalled Western Wall Compromise today
The annual BBYO International Convention continues this weekend in Philadelphia after holding its opening plenary last night
The National Council of Jewish Women is holding its annual Repro Shabbat tonight and tomorrow, with activities focused on supporting reproductive rights planned throughout the country.
The Israeli mental health group ICAR is launching its second annual two-day conference on Sunday in Tel Aviv, which will be capped off on Monday with a philanthropy roundtable discussion.
The Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations starts its annual Israel mission on on Sunday; it will run through Thursday.
A documentary focused on Jewish Agency Chair Doron Almog, “From October 6 to October 7,” will premiere at the Israel Film Festival in Los Angeles on Sunday, followed by an onstage interview 
The BBYO International Convention continues in Philadelphia
In Los Angeles, Sinai Temple and Fabric are co-hosting a daylong summit focused on building bridges within the sports community
BBYO’s international convention kicks off today in Philadelphia and runs through the weekend.
American Jewish Committee CEO Ted Deutch is speaking at New York’s Temple Emanu-El tonight to discuss the organization’s annual report on antisemitism in America, which was released yesterda
The Jewish Federations of North America’s FedPro conference for Jewish federation employees’ professional development, which kicked off yesterday, continues today.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu departed for Washington earlier today ahead of tomorrow’s White House sit-down with President Donald Trump.
The Jewish Community Relations Council of Greater Washington is hosting its Virginia Jewish Advocacy Day
The Jewish Federations of North America is kicking off its three-day FedPro conference for Jewish federation employees’ professional development in Phoenix.
Israeli President Isaac Herzog and First Lady Michal Herzog kicked off a four-day visit to Australia today, beginning with a memorial service for victims of December’s Bondi Beach terror att
White House Special Envoy Steve Witkoff and Jared Kushner are engaged in indirect talks with Iranian officials, mediated by Oman, in Muscat this morning
Israeli President Isaac Herzog is scheduled to travel to Australia on Sunday for a four-day visit to Sydney, Melbourne and Canberra at the invitation of Prime Minister Anthony Albanese.
Delegates to Chabad-Lubavitch’s annual Kinus Hashluchos will host and attend communal meals across Brooklyn this Shabbat before the weeklong international conference concludes with a gala ba
JNF-USA’s “Shabbat of Strength” event this evening at Temple Menorah in Miami will feature Bret Stephens as keynote speaker.
Members of the Jewish Scouts will be recognized at Scout Shabbat events in communities across the U.S. this weekend.
The American Jewish Historical Society in New York is opening a retrospective today, “The World in Front of Me,” featuring the photography of Bill Aron, who has documented Jewish life across
The Jewish Education Project and Civic Spirit are hosting a daylong summit today in New York focused on civic education in Jewish day schools and American Jewish identity.
The Yael Foundation’s two-day annual conference wraps up today in Vienna
First Lady Melania Trump is hosting former hostages Keith and Aviva Siegel at the White House this afternoon for a private sit-down.
The 37th Israel Film Festival opens tonight in Los Angeles.
The Yael Foundation’s two-day annual conference kicked off this morning in Vienna
The Jewish Community Relations Council of Greater Washington is holding its Jewish Advocacy Day today
The Senate Judiciary Committee is holding a hearing this morning on the Nazis’ use of Swiss banks during World War II. The Simon Wiesenthal Center’s Rabbi Abraham Cooper is among those testi
Also in Washington, the two-day International Religious Freedom Summit concludes today, bringing together religious leaders from around the world.
The Carlyle Group’s David Rubenstein will be the featured speaker at Gettysburg College’s 24th annual Blavatt Lecture tonight, where he’ll speak about the semiquincentennial anniversary of t
The Vancouver, Canada-based Ronald S. Roadburg Foundation has donated $50 million CAD to the soon-to-be University of Kiryat Shmona in the Galilee (formerly Tel Hai College), whose main camp
A mayor in southern Israel — whose name and city cannot be published under a gag order — is suspected of pocketing millions of shekels in wartime donations for his constituents.
The JCC Association of North America is holding its Mifgash-Executive Leadership Retreat today in Atlanta.
The Association of Reform Jewish Educators’ three-day annual gathering kicks off today in Denver.
The Yael Foundation’s annual conference starts tomorrow morning in Vienna.
Israel’s tourism conference, IMTM, begins tomorrow in Tel Aviv.
Israeli civil groups are organizing a mass rally in Tel Aviv tomorrow in protest of rising violence in the Arab Israeli community.
The Greater Miami Jewish Federation is hosting a gala on Sunday night at the Loews Miami Beach Hotel.
Also on Sunday, Prizmah is kicking off its three-day Head of School Retreat in Houston.
Global Jewry is hosting its inaugural award ceremony at noon ET, in which it will present the Shoshana Shoubin Cardin Prize for Exemplary Collaboration and the Global Jewry Prize for Emergin
New York City’s Center for Jewish History is hosting a panel discussion about contemporary antisemitism, related to the The Routledge History of Antisemitism, featuring the book’s co-editor 
Jewish Federation Los Angeles will remove the yellow ribbon that was painted on the side of its building — the largest such display in the country, according to the organization — this after
In Washington, the Kennedy Center is holding a one-day showing tonight of “October 7: In Their Own Words,” a play whose script comes from testimonies of survivors of the Oct
Today is International Holocaust Remembrance Day
In New York, Holocaust survivor Sara Weinstein will address the U.N. General Assembly at 11 a.m
Also in New York, Elisha Wiesel, chair of the Elie Wiesel Foundation for Humanity, will speak this evening about antisemitism, anti-Zionism and Jewish safety at Columbia University’s Kraft C
In Washington, the Counter Extremism Project’s ARCHER at House 88 is putting on a concert at the Kennedy Center titled “Enduring Music: Compositions from the Holocaust,” which will feature p
Elsewhere in Washington, the Washington Wizards are celebrating Jewish Heritage Night during their game tonight against the Portland Trail Blazers, who feature Deni Avdija, the Israeli-born 
In Jerusalem, the Diaspora Affairs Ministry’s second annual conference on antisemitism wraps up today.
The Jewish Federations of North America’s Ruby Lion of Judah Mission arrived in Israel last night and runs through Feb
The Israel Defense Forces announced that it has located the remains of Ran Gvili, a police officer who was killed during the Oct
Ahead of International Holocaust Remembrance Day tomorrow, Meta, UNESCO and the World Jewish Congress are convening a discussion at the U.N. today in New York focused on the role that techno
Also in New York, the Stephen Wise Free Synagogue is hosting a town hall discussion about antisemitism with the congregation’s senior rabbi, Ammi Hirsch, and Anti-Defamation League CEO Jonat
Israel’s Ministry of Diaspora Affairs is hosting the second annual International Conference on Combating Antisemitism in Jerusalem
Elsewhere in Jerusalem, Israeli President Isaac Herzog will host the annual lecture of the Jabotinsky Institute at the President’s Residence tonight, delivered this year by U.S. Ambassador t
The Israeli advocacy group Librael, which strives to connect progressive Americans with Israel, and Camera on Campus, the pro-Israel media watchdog’s university arm, are hosting a joint even
The World Economic Forum wrapped up this morning in Davos, Switzerland
Manhattan’s Temple Emanu-El will hold a special interfaith service tonight honoring Cardinal Timothy Dolan as the longtime Catholic official retires as the archbishop of New York.
The two-day JLI Leadership Summit starts on Sunday in Palm Beach Gardens, Fla.
The Israeli government is kicking off its second international conference on combating antisemitism on Monday morning; few Jewish leaders are slated to participate in the gathering, which wa
Australia is marking a national day of mourning for last month’s terror attack at Bondi Beach in Sydney.
Large protests are planned for tomorrow in Minnesota in response to ongoing immigration raids in the state, with several Jewish organizations set to take part
President Donald Trump will speak at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, this afternoon local time after a delayed arrival resulting from an electrical issue on Air Force One tha
Canada’s Azrieli Foundation is reshuffling its leadership, appointing André Beaulieu as CEO, succeeding Naomi Azrieli, who will continue to serve as board chair in an “expanded and newly des
The World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, which kicked off yesterday, continues this week
In Manhattan, the Israeli consulate is hosting the premiere of the Israeli play “Jabotinsky’s Dream,” about Revisionist Zionist leader Ze’ev Jabotinsky.
ScienceAbroad, a group looking to combat Israeli “brain drain,” is hosting a conference this morning in Miami
The Israeli American Council’s annual summit continues today in Hollywood, Fla.
Also in the Sunshine State, on Sunday, the Miami Jewish Festival will premiere the documentary “Sapiro v
The Society for International Development-Israel will host its annual conference on Monday in Tel Aviv
Also on Monday, the World Economic Forum kicks off in Davos, Switzerland.
A civilian funeral for U.S.-born IDF veteran Josh Boone is underway now in Beersheva, following a so-far unsuccessful effort by his family and friends to have him recognized as a fallen sold
The Israeli American Council’s annual summit kicks off today in Hollywood, Fla
The Tribe of Nova Foundation is hosting a ribbon-cutting ceremony today outside Netanya, Israel, for Beit Nova, a new facility for survivors of the Nova music festival attacks on Oct
The Tribe of Nova Foundation is hosting a suicide prevention conference today in Tel Aviv at 6:45 p.m
The Jewish Education Project is hosting a day of learning today on the use of artificial intelligence in Jewish education in New York City
The JCC Association of North America is holding a board meeting today and tomorrow
President Donald Trump is expected to announce the global leaders of the U.S.-backed Gaza Board of Peace this week.
Rabbi David Wolpe will sit in conversation tomorrow with the Anti-Defamation League CEO Jonathan Greenblatt at Los Angeles’ Sinai Temple, where Wolpe is the Max Webb Rabbi Emeritus.
The Temple Emanu-El Streicker Center in New York City is hosting a screening this evening of “The Road Between Us,” a documentary about the efforts of Maj
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) will meet today with survivors of the Hanukkah terror attack in Sydney, Australia.
The annual Colel Chabad International Awards Gala is taking place tonight at The Glasshouse in Manhattan
New York City Mayor Zohran Mamdani’s first major test with the Jewish community could come as soon as this evening, when PAL-Awda, the group behind the November protest outside a synagogue t
The Atlantic Council’s Freedom and Prosperity Center is holding a panel discussion this morning at its Washington headquarters on the future of humanitarian assistance
The Academic Engagement Network kicked off a three-day conference yesterday in Miami Beach, Fla., for faculty and staff from 40 universities focused on providing professional tools for addre
In Florida, former Israeli Strategic Affairs Minister Ron Dermer and “Call Me Back” host Dan Senor will speak in conversation this evening at an event hosted by Palm Beach Synagogue.
We’re monitoring the situation in Venezuela and how Jewish organizations and philanthropists are responding to it.
Ohr Torah Stone and Sharaka are hosting a discussion today at Tel Aviv’s Anu Museum of the Jewish People featuring rabbis, sheikhs and other Jewish and Muslim leaders focused on interfaith e
Nonprofits are making their final push for year-end donations.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is scheduled to travel to the United States next week to meet with President Donald Trump.
Tel Aviv’s Institute for National Security Studies, in collaboration with the Ruderman Family Foundation, is hosting a conference today examining the Israel-U.S. relationship, including the 
Turning Point USA’s AmericaFest continues today in Phoenix, Ariz
The World Zionist Organization will hold a Hanukkah candle-lighting ceremony at its Jerusalem headquarters on Sunday morning with the Sydney, Australia, Jewish community via live video broad
Tel Aviv’s Institute for National Security Studies, in collaboration with the Ruderman Family Foundation, is hosting a conference on Monday examining the Israel-U.S. relationship, including 
The Jewish Community Relations Council of Greater Washington is holding the last in its series of “Lox and Legislators” events in the capital.
In New York, the Brooklyn Nets, who face off against the Miami Heat tonight, will pay tribute to those killed in the terror attack in Sydney, Australia, on Sunday
United Hatzalah is holding its annual Miami gala tonight.
Jewish members of Congress are also hosting the annual Capitol Hill Hanukkah party this evening.
Across town, the Israeli Embassy in Washington is hosting its annual Hanukkah reception tonight.
The Association for Jewish Studies’ annual conference wraps up today in Washington.
Also in the capital, the White House is hosting its annual Hanukkah reception tonight.
In New York, UJA-Federation of New York and Israel’s mission at the U.N. are holding a Hanukkah reception.
Also in New York, the American Friends of Anu – Museum of the Jewish People is hosting its Hanukkah gala, where Pfizer CEO Dr
Boston’s Vilna Shul is hosting a live taping of the Shalom Hartman Institute’s “Identity/Crisis” podcast, with host Yehuda Kurtzer in conversation with Harvard President Alan Garber.
As Australia’s Jewish community mourns those killed in yesterday’s terror attack at a Hanukkah celebration at Sydney’s Bondi Beach, we are continuing to monitor the situation
The Jewish Federations of North America is holding its Hanukkah celebration tonight in Washington with Capitol Hill staff.
Also in Washington, Vice President JD Vance is holding the vice president’s annual Hanukkah party at the Naval Observatory.
Tomorrow, the World Zionist Organization is hosting its third annual Heschel Conference, dedicated to the memory of Rabbi Abraham Joshua Heschel, in Jerusalem.
The Hudson Institute’s Center for Peace and Security in the Middle East is hosting a daylong seminar today in Washington titled “Antisemitism as a National Security Threat.” Speakers include
On Saturday night, the Zichron Yaakov chapter of Israel’s English Speaking Residents Association is hosting a panel discussion moderated by eJewishPhilanthropy Managing Editor Judah Ari Gros
Israeli President Isaac Herzog will host a Hanukkah candle lighting on Sunday afternoon with the family of Ran Gvili, the last fallen hostage still being held in Gaza, as well as former host
On Sunday evening, the National Menorah lighting for the first night of Hanukkah, hosted by American Friends of Lubavitch (Chabad), will take place on the Ellipse in Washington.
Also on Sunday evening, the Institute for Jewish Spirituality will host its 25th anniversary celebration at B’nai Jeshurun in New York City
Historians Pamela Nadell and James Loeffler will speak tonight about modern-day antisemitism and Nadell’s new book on the topic at an event at the Capital Jewish Museum in Washington.
UJA-Federation of New York is hosting a talk tonight by British political commentator Melanie Phillips.
The Jewish Community Relations Council of Greater Washington is hosting the second in its series of “Lox and Legislators” breakfasts featuring federal, state and local elected officials this
Indian-Israeli shaliach (emissary) Tom Eyal Rizman will discuss Indian Jewry’s long and rich history and how Indian Jews in Israel have preserved and reshaped their traditions this afternoon
Nova survivor and former hostage Almog Meir Jan and injured IDF soldier Ben Ladany will discuss what it means to face trauma, rebuild identity and return to the world with renewed purpose at
The Jewish Democratic Council of America is holding its annual Hanukkah party tonight in Washington.
On Capitol Hill, B’nai B’rith International is holding an event to mark the 50th anniversary of the U.N.’s “Zionism = Racism resolution.” Former Rep
The Jerusalem Post is convening its two-day Washington conference today.
In New York, the Center for Jewish History will host its 25th anniversary gala tonight, during which it will honor supporters Amy Goldman Fowler, Michele Tocci, Shelby White and the memory o
Yale’s Shabtai group is hosting an event on “The Future of Global Jewry” tonight, featuring Rabbi David Wolpe, Yale professor Paul Franks and Rabbi Shmully Hecht.
The Ruderman Family Foundation is hosting its annual Morton E. Ruderman Memorial Lecture this evening at Boston’s Northeastern University
The American Zionist Movement’s Biennial National Assembly in New York City concludes today
Elsewhere in New York, The Jewish Education Project is hosting its Jewish Futures Conference today at Temple Emanu-El, after which there will be a community event featuring Rachel and Jon Go
Hillel International’s General Assembly kicks off today in Boston.
Sapir is hosting a virtual discussion today about a recent article calling for the creation of a Jewish “sovereign wealth fund,” with the journal’s editor-in-chief, Bret Stephens, the author
The Jewish Orthodox Feminist Alliance is holding its International Conference on Feminism and Orthodoxy on Sunday morning in New York City.
The Blavatnik Archive is hosting its 20th Anniversary Series Finale on Sunday afternoon in New York’s Academy Mansion, featuring lectures on “the struggle and oppression of Refuseniks.”
Also on Sunday in New York, the American Zionist Movement is kicking off its two-day Biennial National Assembly.
On Sunday night, Yeshiva University is hosting its 101st Hanukkah Dinner, where Israeli President Isaac Herzog is scheduled to speak.
And on Monday morning, the Mayanot Institute of Jewish Studies, the largest provider of Birthright Israel trips, is opening its $20 million Mayanot World Center campus in Jerusalem.
The UJA-Federation of New York, in partnership with the Anti-Defamation League, American Jewish Committee, Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations and other Jewish gr
The Milken Institute will kick off its two-day Middle East and North Africa Summit in Abu Dhabi, UAE, covering topics including the “great AI adoption race,” venture capital, philanthropy, S
The Jewish Community Relations Council of Greater Washington is hosting its annual Lox and Legislators event in Rockville, Md., this morning
In New York, Israel Policy Forum is honoring Bob Elman and Bob Sugarman this afternoon at the group’s annual gala
SKDK is hosting a small gathering today in Washington with the parents of slain Israeli Americans Omer Neutra and Itay Chen and their supporters as the effort to return the hostages winds do
Today is GivingTuesday, in which most nonprofits are making their final push for year-end donations.
Toys for Hospitalized Children is hosting a pre-Hanukkah “Wonderland” for cancer patients at the Moise Safra Center in Manhattan.
Israel Hayom is holding its first New York summit today in Manhattan
The Combat Antisemitism Movement is holding its 2025 North American Mayors Summit Against Antisemitism in New Orleans.
In Washington, the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum is hosting the premiere of “The Last Twins,” a documentary about the efforts of Erno “Zvi” Spiegel, a Hungarian Jewish man and prisoner at A
The UJA-Federation of New York is hosting its 50th anniversary Wall Street Dinner this evening at the Marriott Marquis in Manhattan.
The Anwar Gargash Diplomatic Academy is hosting a daylong conference in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, on the Abraham Accords’ impact across the region
Freed Israeli hostage Eliya Cohen and his financée, Ziv Abud, who advocated for his release, will speak tonight at the Nova Music Festival Exhibition in Chicago.
The Israeli coexistence group Standing Together is marking its 10th anniversary on Thursday evening with a gathering in Haifa.
Pope Leo XIV is making his first international trip since becoming pontiff, traveling on Thursday to Turkey and from there to Lebanon on Sunday
Palestinian terror groups have just turned over to Israel what they say are the remains of a slain hostage, a day after the Palestinian Islamic Jihad confirmed it was in possession of a body
Hadassah, the Women’s Zionist Organization of America is marking today’s International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women by launching an initiative with 29 organizations to p
Former hostages Keith and Aviva Siegel are scheduled to speak tonight about their time in captivity and the fight for Keith’s release at Potomac (Md.)’s Congregation Beth Sholom.
We’re keeping an eye out following an Israeli strike on Sunday that killed Hezbollah’s chief of staff in Lebanon, amid indications that the Iran-backed terror group could attempt to retaliat
President Donald Trump will meet with New York City Mayor-elect Zohran Mamdani at 3 p.m
The Temple Emanu-El Streicker Center will seek tonight to dethrone the Jewish community of Berlin as the host of the Guinness World Record’s largest Shabbat meal, with plans to welcome some 
The World Zionist Congress’ executive committee will vote on Sunday on a new power-sharing agreement between the center-left and center-right blocs
The National Committee for Furtherance of Jewish Education is honoring the Department of Justice’s Harmeet Dhillon on Sunday at its 85th Annual Awards Dinner in New York City.
Elluminate kicks off its annual one-day convening this morning in New York City.
In Israel, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is meeting this afternoon with American Jewish Congress President Daniel Rosen and a delegation of mayors from around the world who are in Israel
President Donald Trump is meeting with recently returned hostages and their families at 2 p.m
The Youth Renewal Fund is holding its Fall Benefit tonight at Fifty Four NYC, raising money for Israel’s Darca school system.
Also in New York, American Friends of the Open University of Israel is holding its 50th anniversary gala, honoring Pfizer’s Dr
In Washington, the Israeli Embassy is hosting a reception this evening in celebration of today’s holiday of Sigd, which is marked by Ethiopian Jews.
The Endowment for Middle East Truth is hosting its 16th annual Rays of Light in the Darkness awards dinner tonight in Washington
Elluminate is holding its annual one-day convening tomorrow morning in New York City.
The Jewish Federations of North America’s General Assembly wraps up today in Washington
Also in Washington, the National Task Force to Combat Antisemitism is holding a daylong conference on “Exposing and Countering Extremism and Antisemitism on the Political Right.”
Sotheby’s is putting up for auction today a collection of Gustav Klimt works owned by art collector and philanthropist Leonard Lauder, who died earlier this year, which is expected to sell f
The One Israel Fund is holding its annual gala tonight in New York
The Jewish Federations of North America’s General Assembly kicked off yesterday in Washington
Also in Washington, the Meltzer Schwartzberg Center for Israel Studies at American University is hosting the 2025 Meltzer Trone Conference today on “American Jews and Israel: A complicated r
The Jewish Federations of North America General Assembly kicks off on Sunday in Washington
Moment Magazine will hold its 50th Anniversary Awards Benefit Gala on Sunday night at the National Press Club in Washington
Also on Sunday, the Museum of Jewish Heritage – A Living Memorial to the Holocaust is hosting the fourth annual New York Jewish Book Festival.
And on Monday, the National Association for Temple Administration is holding its annual conference for synagogue managers across the United States, Canada, South Africa and Australia.
After multiple stops and starts, the World Zionist Congress is expected to soon reach a final resolution on its power-sharing deal, sources tell eJewishPhilanthropy.
The International Conference of Chabad-Lubavitch Emissaries begins today in New York City, bringing together 6,200 rabbis from 111 countries.
Former First Lady Michelle Obama will appear at Washington’s Sixth & I Synagogue this evening to discuss her forthcoming book, The Look.
The World Zionist Congress overwhelmingly passed a measure to advance a long-stalled power-sharing agreement between the center-left and center-right blocs, but negotiations on a final resol
Temple Emanu-El in New York City is hosting an event this evening for the launch of Don’t Feed the Lion, a novel for middle schoolers on the theme of antisemitism by journalists Bianna Golod
The Jewish Student Union’s three-day Presidents Conference kicked off in Stamford, Conn., yesterday, bringing together hundreds of Jewish students from across North America.
Israel’s Weizmann Institute of Science is presenting honorary degrees this evening to Karen W. Davidson, Maurice Lévy, Eugene V. Koonin, Ilana Ronat-Mantoux, Yehudit Bronicki, Patrick Cramer
The Anti-Defamation League’s annual Concert Against Hate is taking place this evening and will honor Marion Ein Lewin, Holocaust survivor, health policy leader, advocate and educator; Michae
On Sunday, the Bay Area-based Z3 Project is kicking off its annual conference on Israel-Diaspora relations, which continues through Tuesday.
Also on Sunday, the Zionist Organization of America will hold its annual gala, where it will present awards to Rep
The Task Force on Arab Citizens of Israel continues its two-day annual meeting, which began yesterday in New York, examining the status of Jewish-Arab relations following two years of war in
The Blue Square Alliance Against Hate, formerly the Foundation to Combat Antisemitism, is hosting its second Sports Leaders Convening at Gillette Stadium in Massachusetts today
The Anti-Defamation League is hosting a webinar this afternoon on how to address discrimination and harassment of K-12 Jewish students.
The Shomer Collective is kicking off its yearly virtual conference on end-of-life issues this morning.
The Anti-Defamation League is organizing a briefing on the state of antisemitism nationally and in New York City following yesterday’s election
Former Israeli hostage Emily Damari will sit in conversation this evening with Noa Tishby at Temple Emanu-El in New York
American Friends of ELEM, which supports the Israeli youth mental health nonprofit, is hosting its annual gala tonight at the Museum of Jewish Heritage in Manhattan
Also in New York, the Task Force on Arab Citizens of Israel opens its two-day annual meeting today examining the status of Jewish-Arab relations following two years of war in Gaza.
It’s Election Day in a number of states and cities around the country
The Jewish Agency for Israel’s Board of Governors three-day meeting concludes today in Jerusalem.
In New York City, the World Zionist Organization and Temple Emanu-El are holding an event marking the 30th anniversary of the assassination of Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin
Elsewhere in New York, the La’aretz Foundation is holding its annual benefit event to support Israeli families in crisis.
We are monitoring the vote on a new World Zionist Congress power-sharing agreement that is aimed at blocking the appointment of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s son, Yair, to a se
The Jewish Agency for Israel’s Board of Governors meeting kicked off yesterday in Jerusalem and continues through tomorrow
The Birthright Israel Foundation is holding its 25th anniversary gala tonight
Elsewhere in New York, the Anti-Defamation League is hosting its annual real estate reception in New York City
Polls open tomorrow in the New York City mayoral election.ow.
We are continuing to monitor the World Zionist Congress coalition negotiations, after a proposed power-sharing arrangement between the center-left and center-right blocs collapsed earlier th
The Republican Jewish Coalition’s annual leadership summit kicks off today in Las Vegas.
The Jewish Agency Board of Governors meeting convenes on Sunday in Jerusalem, running until Tuesday.
In Detroit, Yeshiva Beth Yehudah is hosting its annual dinner on Sunday evening
A new Chabad Center for Jewish Life is opening on Sunday at the University of Kansas.
We’re monitoring a “million man” Haredi protest against military conscription in Jerusalem today, which has shut down large swaths of the capital.
We’re keeping an eye on the ongoing coalition negotiations in the World Zionist Congress after an initial power-sharing agreement fell apart late last night
We are also tracking Hurricane Melissa as it causes massive damage throughout the Caribbean
The Simon Wiesenthal Center is holding its annual tribute dinner tonight in Los Angeles, where it will honor Warner Bros
Tikvah Ideas is hosting a conversation this afternoon between historian Jack Wertheimer and North American Values Institute founder David Bernstein about the challenges Jewish institutions f
And tomorrow, the Jerusalem branch of the Reform movement’s Hebrew Union College will hold its ordination ceremony for its newest class of six Israeli Reform rabbis.
The 39th World Zionist Congress continues today in Jerusalem
We are keeping an eye on conditions in Jamaica, which is being hit by Hurricane Melissa, causing major damage from flooding and wind
Author and attorney Menachem Rosensaft, the author of a new book of poetry, is speaking at Tel Aviv University about his Holocaust-inspired psalms and his hopes that memory of the Holocaust 
Also in Tel Aviv, Anu Museum of the Jewish People is hosting an event this evening marking Yom Ha’Aliyah, a celebration of immigration to Israel.
The Jewish Community Relations Council of Greater Washington is holding its annual gala tonight in Washington
The World Zionist Congress kicks off today in Jerusalem
The Jewish Community Center Association of North America continues its professional conference, ProCon 2025, which began yesterday in Minneapolis.
The Jewish Federations of North America is holding a panel discussion on the upcoming sale of TikTok and online antisemitism.
Today marks seven years since the Tree of Life synagogue shooting in Pittsburgh, the deadliest antisemitic attack in American history, which killed 11 people.
The Jewish Community Center Association of North America today launched its three-day Professional Conference, ProCon 2025, in Minneapolis.
Delegates from around the world are arriving in Israel ahead of the start of the 39th World Zionist Congress, which begins tomorrow evening in Jerusalem.
The Jewish National Fund’s annual Global Conference for Israel continues through the weekend.
Early voting begins tomorrow in New York City’s mayoral election.
American Friends of Beit Issie Shapiro, which supports the Israeli disability nonprofit, is holding a gala on Sunday night at Los Angeles’ Sinai Temple.
The Jewish Community Center Association of North America will kick off its three-day Professional Conference, ProCon 2025, on Monday in Minneapolis.
The 92NY is hosting the second installment of the Sapir Debates at 6 p.m
Also in New York, Dan Senor is hosting a live taping of the “Call Me Back” podcast with Israeli journalists Nadav Eyal and Amit Segal at the Temple Emanu-El Streicker Center.
The Jewish National Fund’s annual Global Conference for Israel begins today in Hollywood, Fla.
Israeli President Isaac Herzog is awarding the 2025 Presidential Medal of Honor, the country’s highest civilian award, to nine individuals in a ceremony at the President’s Residence in Jerus
The World Union of Progressive Judaism is reopening its Beit Shmuel headquarters in Jerusalem this evening as the umbrella group marks its 100th anniversary.
The Israeli Taub Center social policy think tank is holding a conference tomorrow in Tel Aviv focused on the strains facing the Israeli civil service.
The JCamp 180 conference continues today in Springfield, Mass
Israel’s Immigration and Absorption Ministry is hosting a conference tomorrow in Tel Aviv on the importance of aliyah for the development of the Israeli economy.
In New York, Hillel International CEO Adam Lehman will sit in conversation with 92NY’s Rabbi David Ingber to discuss Judaism and Jewish life on college campuses.
Vice President JD Vance is in Israel today, where he joins White House Senior Advisor Steve Witkoff and Jared Kushner, who arrived earlier this week, for talks on the Israel-Hamas ceasefire.
The Charles and Lynn Schusterman Family Philanthropies’ ROI program, which has cultivated many Jewish nonprofit leaders, is shutting down, the organization informed participants today
Rabbi Dov Lando, the rosh yeshiva of the prominent Slabodka yeshiva of Bnei Brak, Israel, and a leading figure in the Haredi community, is arriving in the United States today to raise money 
Today is the official deadline for nine universities to accept a “compact” offered by the Trump administration that would give preferential access to federal funds to schools that accept the
Americans for Ben-Gurion University is holding a benefit on Sunday in New York City, featuring former Israeli hostage Sasha Troufanov and comedian Alex Edelman.
JCamp180 is kicking off its three-day annual conference on Monday in Springfield, Mass.
Israel marks the official memorial day for the Oct
White House Special Envoy Steve Witkoff, former Israeli hostage Almog Meir Jan and Yehuda Kaploun, the Trump administration’s nominee to serve as antisemitism envoy, are slated to speak toni
In New York, the Consul General of Israel is hosting its own commemoration ceremony this evening.
The World Jewish Congress and Board of Deputies of British Jews are hosting an online briefing this morning about this month’s deadly terror attack at a Manchester synagogue and the security
We’re following today’s events as they unfold in Israel, following the release this morning of the remaining living hostages and President Donald Trump’s brief visit to the country.
UJA-Federation of New York, the Hostages and Missing Family Forum and local elected officials will host a briefing on the hostage release this afternoon in New York City.
We’re continuing to monitor ceasefire and hostage-release efforts in Israel and Gaza following the Israeli Cabinet’s vote overnight to approve the Trump administration’s 20-point plan to end
President Donald Trump is expected to travel to Israel on Sunday, arriving early Monday morning
We’re closely tracking the ongoing talks to secure the release of the remaining 48 living and dead hostages and reach an end to the war, following last night’s breakthrough in Sharm el-Sheik
Negotiations between the Trump administration and Harvard aimed at releasing billions of dollars in frozen grant funding are set to resume today, with Blackstone CEO Stephen Schwarzman, who 
Israeli negotiators, led by Israeli Strategic Affairs Minister Ron Dermer, are meeting with representatives of Hamas today in Cairo for discussions centered around President Donald Trump’s p
Around the world, events marking the second anniversary of the Oct
Freed hostage Eli Sharabi will speak tomorrow night at Manhattan’s Temple Emanu-El
The Museum of Jewish Heritage – A Living Memorial to the Holocaust is opening “Lessons from The Tree of Life: Lighting the Path Forward,” a traveling exhibition from Pittsburgh’s Tree of Lif
The Israel Policy Forum is hosting a panel discussion this afternoon breaking down President Donald Trump’s peace plan.
A federal shutdown appears increasingly likely to take effect overnight as Congress faces today’s deadline to pass a spending bill, and as talks last night between Trump and senior congressi
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu heads into a meeting with President Donald Trump at 11 a.m
In Tenafly, N.J., Edan Alexander and his family will participate in a ceremony to name a street in the former Israel American hostage’s honor.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is addressing the U.N. General Assembly beginning at 9 a.m
In London, center-left political figures from around the world are gathering for the Global Progress Action Summit, including Illinois Gov
On Sunday, the National Library of Israel, together with the Babyn Yar Holocaust Memorial Center and the International March of the Living, will hold a ceremony commemorating the Babyn Yar m
Mile Advisory and Pillsbury’s Climate Week are holding a daylong event today on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly in New York, focused on energy tech and development in the Middle E
Elsewhere in New York, the Marlene Meyerson JCC Manhattan is holding a screening tonight of the first episode of the second season of “House of David.”
Diplomats from around the world are en route to New York for the United Nations General Assembly, which officially begins tomorrow.
The American Jewish Committee is hosting another event this morning in a series marking the fifth anniversary of Israel’s normalized ties to the United Arab Emirates, titled “Fulfilling the 
“Breaking the Chain: Global Action Against Hostage-Taking” will be held in New York today, featuring the first public remarks from former Israeli hostage Na’ama Levy
Chabad at Vanderbilt University will honor Vanderbilt Chancellor Daniel Diermeier with Chabad’s Lamplighter award tomorrow.
On Saturday, the Milken Center for Advancing the American Dream is opening with its flagship exhibition, the “American Dream Experience,” in Washington.
The American Jewish Historical Society is hosting an interview with media executive Barry Diller about his new memoir, Who Knew.
The Jewish Community Relations Council-NY, UJA-Federation of New York and Queens Jewish Community Council are hosting a Rosh Hashanah celebration at noon today with local politicians and com
The Israeli Embassy will host its Rosh Hashanah reception tonight in Washington.
United Hatzalah will hold its 2025 Los Angeles gala with honorary guest Gal Gadot
The Jewish Day Camp Network is wrapping up its fall conference today in Rockville, Md.
Several Jewish organizations are visiting Capitol Hill this morning to discuss the Jewish community’s security needs ahead of the High Holy Days
The U.S. Postal Service is holding a “First Day of Issue Ceremony” this morning to mark the launch of a stamp in honor of Holocaust survivor and Nobel laureate Elie Wiesel at New York’s 92nd
Also in New York, Yeshiva University will host an Oct
The Israel Defense Forces launched a major ground operation in Gaza City on Tuesday morning, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and the military announced.
ANU Museum of the Jewish People and the Anti-Defamation League are hosting a conference this afternoon in Tel Aviv about the challenges facing Israel and global Jewry in the wake of the Oct
The Collaborative for Applied Studies in Jewish Education is hosting a virtual panel at 12 ET — “Signals of a Surge: What does Jewish engagement look like post-October 7th?” — featuring pane
American Friends of Lubavitch (Chabad) will host its Lamplighter Awards at Washington’s Union Station
American Friends of Magen David Adom will host its 2025 New York City Gala in Manhattan, where political commentator Meghan McCain will receive its Champion of Israel Award.
The Climate Solutions Prize Tour, which is being held in partnership with the Jewish Climate Trust, arrived in Israel yesterday and continues through this week.
Secretary of State Marco Rubio is set to attend the inauguration of the Pilgrim’s Road in the City of David in Jerusalem this evening after meeting earlier today with Israeli Prime Minister 
Also in Israel is a delegation of nearly 250 state lawmakers from around the U.S., organized by Israel’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
The Eradicate Hate Global Summit begins in Pittsburgh today.
The Academic Engagement Network is hosting a three-day symposium for college administrators for the launch of its fifth annual Signature Seminar Series
Also in Washington, the Jewish Grad Organization summit, which kicked off yesterday, continues today.
Maimonides Fund’s Sapir journal is hosting a virtual conversation at noon ET, featuring Rabbi Adam Mintz and Rabbi Noa Kushner about the concept of chosenness, which will be moderated by Rab
Sapir Editor-in-Chief Bret Stephens and Maimonides Fund scholar-in-residence Mijal Bitton will discuss the killing of conservative activist Charlie Kirk and rising political violence, in a c
The U.N. General Assembly is set to vote today on a resolution calling for a two-state solution, the release of the remaining hostages and an end to Hamas’ rule in Gaza.
Amy Spitalnick, CEO of the Jewish Council for Public Affairs, will speak with Rabbi Sharon Brous at the Saturday morning services of IKAR, the Los Angeles congregation she leads, for a discu
The Climate Solutions Prize Tour, which is being held in partnership with the Jewish Climate Trust, will come to Israel on Sunday, after kicking off in the United Arab Emirates earlier this 
Pershing Square’s Bill Ackman and his wife, technologist Neri Oxman, will each receive honorary degrees from the University of Haifa on Sunday at a gala dinner
Also on Sunday, the Capital Jewish Museum is holding its annual gala in Washington
Today is the 24th anniversary of the Sept
Carry The Load, a veteran and first responder nonprofit, in collaboration with the Department of Veterans Affairs is organizing volunteers to clean headstones and beautify the grounds at nea
In Israel this evening, the Jewish National Fund and the U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem are jointly holding a Sept
Brandeis University is unveiling its “New Vision for American Higher Education” this afternoon at the National Press Club in Washington
Also in D.C., Yeshiva University’s president, Rabbi Ari Berman, will serve as the Senate’s guest chaplain today
The American Jewish Committee is holding an event this morning marking the upcoming fifth anniversary of the signing of the Abraham Accords.
The Jefferies TechTrek conference kicked off with a welcome reception last night
The Climate Solutions Prize Tour, which is backed by the Jewish Climate Trust, kicks off today in the United Arab Emirates, before continuing on to Israel on Sunday.
Israeli President Isaac Herzog arrived in London today for a two-day visit at the invitation of the local Jewish community.
Representatives from the Jewish Federation of Greater Pittsburgh will deliver a victim impact statement at the sentencing of Talya Lubit, who pleaded guilty in May to charges of conspiracy a
Emunah of America, which funds the Israeli welfare and education nonprofit, is hosting its annual benefit dinner this evening at the Museum of Jewish Heritage in New York.
The Schechter Institutes in Jerusalem are hosting a combined book launch and farewell event tonight for the organization’s longtime leader Rabbi David Golinkin, who is retiring
The liberal religious organization Smol Emuni (literally, “Faithful Left”) is kicking off its third conference in Jerusalem today, with sessions featuring religious leaders, social activists
Also in Jerusalem, the U.S. Embassy in Israel is hosting a belated Fourth of July celebration tonight.
The Simon Wiesenthal Center is holding its annual New York dinner tonight at the Altman Building, during which it will present its 2025 Humanitarian Award to businessman and philanthropist M
The Jewish Community Relations Council of the Bay Area is hosting a panel tonight titled “Antisemitism and Our Democracy,” featuring the group’s CEO, Tye Gregory, Jewish Council for Public A
The International Fellowship of Keren Olam HaTorah, a three-day gathering of major Orthodox donors, is kicking off today in southern Israel.
Hebrew Union College is hosting a two-day conference at its New York campus reflecting on the legacy of Rabbi David Ellenson, who led the Reform seminary from 2001-2013.
Elsewhere in New York, the Jewish Theological Seminary’s inaugural storytelling festival continues today after kicking off yesterday.
And the Rabbi Sacks Legacy is holding an event at Fifth Avenue Synagogue to mark the launch of the Magerman Edition of the Koren Shalem Humash
Later today, the Sami Rohr Prize for Jewish Literature is hosting an event focused on bearing witness, featuring 2025 Sami Rohr Prize winner Sasha Vasilyuk, as well as Gal Beckerman and Benj
The American Friends of Nir Oz is holding a benefit at Baltimore’s Beth Tfiloh featuring writer Douglas Murray and former Israeli hostage Gadi Moses, who was freed earlier this year.
The Israeli disability nonprofit Accessibility Israel will host a conference tomorrow on the moral and legal responsibilities of providing equal access to people with disabilities, at the of
Israeli President Isaac Herzog is at the Vatican today where he met with Pope Leo XIV.
The 2025 Sami Rohr Prize will be presented to novelist Sasha Vasilyuk in a private ceremony this evening for her book, Your Presence is Mandatory, after the original award ceremony that was 
The Youth Renewal Fund and Greenberg Traurig, LLP are hosting a discussion with Apollo Global Management CEO Marc Rowan this afternoon.
Also in L.A., the Consulate General of the Republic of Lithuania, in collaboration with the Valley Outreach Synagogue & Center for Jewish Life, is hosting “An Evening of History, Heritage & 
We’re keeping an eye on high tensions in Israel as the IDF prepares for a fresh ground campaign in Gaza City, calling up tens of thousands of reservists
Jewish sports fans in Washington are taking part in Jewish Community Day at Nationals Park on Sunday, when the Nats take on the Tampa Bay Rays.
The school year begins in Israel on Monday (save for some Haredi schools, which opened earlier this week on Rosh Hodesh Elul).
The Jewish Federations of North America is organizing a briefing this afternoon with Lt
The University of Michigan is hosting two anti-Israel speakers today: former Columbia University protest leader Mahmoud Khalil and Rep
For several hours this morning, thousands of people blocked the junctions of major roads and highways in Israel as part of an organized “day of action” announced by the Hostages and Missing 
Buck Goldstein, entrepreneur in residence at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, is giving a talk on “An Entrepreneur’s Approach to an Age of Uncertainty” this afternoon at the 
“Secure Your Future: Antisemitism and Strengthening Jewish Community Safety in Palm Beach County,” a panel discussion tonight in Delray Beach, Fla., will feature U.S. Rep
Israeli Foreign Minister Gideon Sa’ar arrived in the U.S. yesterday for his first state visit to the country since taking office in November
The Zionist Rabbinic Coalition is hosting a seminar today for rabbis navigating topics around Israel and antisemitism in High Holiday sermons.
Chabad is hosting a speed-dating event for more than 10,000 Jewish singles across five continents, which it says is “guided by local Chabad rabbis and matched by a Yale-backed algorithm.”
The American Jewish Committee is holding a web event this afternoon with the founders of The Dinah Project focused on justice for the victims of the sexual violence that took place on Oct
The Milken Institute’s Hamptons Dialogues kicks off this morning on Long Island
On Saturday morning, Middle East envoy Steve Witkoff will speak with Michael Milken in conversation about global challenges and opportunities.
And on Sunday, there will be back-to-back sessions about the future of American cities, featuring NYPD Commissioner Jessica Tisch, Carlyle Group co-founder David Rubenstein and Related Compa
Former Boston Red Sox player Kevin Youkilis is speaking about Jewish identity in sports at an Anti-Defamation League web event today kicking off the ADL’s “Game Changers” series.
Los Angeles’ Sinai Temple is hosting a talk by Palestinian writer and researcher Ahmed Fouad Alkhatib, director of the Atlantic Council’s Realign for Palestine program, in its second town ha
A report on conflict-related sexual violence, scheduled for presentation this morning to the United Nations Security Council, is expected to place Hamas under formal review for entry onto th
The Adolph and Lotte Rosenberg Summer Retreat, a five-day retreat for Holocaust survivors over the age of 85 hosted by The Blue Card, continues at the Hudson Valley Resort and Spa in the Cat
Former Israeli hostage Or Levy, who spent 491 days in Hamas captivity in Gaza, is speaking tonight at Chabad of Steamboat Springs in Steamboat Springs, Colo.
The Rohr Jewish Learning Institute’s National Jewish Retreat continues today in Washington
The Rohr Jewish Learning Institute’s National Jewish Retreat continues today in Washington
GOP fundraiser Eric Levine is cohosting a fundraiser tonight for New York City Mayor Eric Adams’ reelection bid.
The Rohr Jewish Learning Institute’s National Jewish Retreat kicks off tonight in Washington with an opening networking event, running through the weekend.
This week, eJewishPhilanthropy Managing Editor Judah Ari Gross is in Tulsa, Okla., speaking about Jewish philanthropy and Israel-Diaspora ties at events organized by the city’s Jewish federa
In honor of this past weekend’s Tu B’Av — Judaism’s “Holiday of Love” — Aish, CoronaCrush and Partners in Torah are hosting a speed-dating initiative tomorrow.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is convening his Security Cabinet tonight for a vote on what Israeli media has described as a “full conquest” of the Gaza Strip
The Secure Community Network is kicking off its High Holy Day training series with a live session this afternoon.
Israeli singer Ishay Ribo is performing tonight at Bethel Woods Center for the Arts in New York’s Catskill Mountains, near the site of Woodstock, as part of B’nei Akiva’s Yamim Ba’im concert
The Aspen Institute and the Lauder Family will be hosting a memorial service in Aspen, Colo., at 7 p.m
Israeli Foreign Minister Gideon Sa’ar is in New York this morning for a meeting of the U.N. Security Council on the situation of the hostages held in Gaza
The 19th World Congress of Jewish Studies opens today at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem
Anu: Museum of the Jewish People is hosting a panel discussion today at 11:30 a.m
Middle East envoy Steve Witkoff is in Israel today for his first visit in several months, amid rising bipartisan concern about the humanitarian crisis gripping Gaza and a continued stalemate
The Heritage Foundation and the Conference of Christian Presidents for Israel are hosting an event today called “Peace Through Strength: U.S. Policy on Israel and the Middle East.” Featured 
Moore will also be speaking at Sinai Temple in Los Angeles today for a conversation moderated by Sinai Temple Co-Senior Rabbi Erez Sherman about the humanitarian crisis in Gaza.
Actor Daveed Diggs will receive the San Francisco Jewish Film Festival’s Freedom of Expression Award at an event moderated by Jews of Color Initiative CEO Ilana Kaufman this evening in Oakla
The Harold Grinspoon Foundation’s PJ Library is concluding its multiday conference in Aspen, Colo., today.
The Senate is expected to vote today on two resolutions from Sen
The Israel on Campus Coalition’s National Leadership Conference wraps up today in Washington
The Israeli Modern Orthodox Tzohar organization is hosting its annual summer conference in Tel Aviv tomorrow morning, in both Hebrew and English, titled “For the Sake of Heaven and Earth,” f
The Israel on Campus Coalition’s National Leadership Summit continues today in Washington
And in Aspen, Colo., Harold Grinspoon Foundation’s PJ Library is continuing its multiday conference through Wednesday.
We’re keeping an eye on the humanitarian situation in Gaza, as Israel and the U.N. accuse each other of holding up distribution efforts in the enclave amid broader concerns of worsening maln
Israeli President Isaac Herzog’s Voice of the People initiative is hosting an event on Sunday about Jewish of color, featuring members of the Voice of the People global council, as part of a
The Israel on Campus Coalition’s National Leadership Summit kicks off on Sunday afternoon in Washington.
And in Aspen, Colo., on Sunday, Harold Grinspoon Foundation’s PJ Library is launching a multiday conference.
Mediators have delivered Hamas’ latest response to the Israeli team negotiating a ceasefire and hostage deal, according to the Israeli Prime Minister’s Office; the response is presently bein
White House Middle East envoy Steve Witkoff heads to Rome today ahead of a meeting on Thursday with Israeli and Qatari negotiators to discuss ceasefire and hostage-release efforts.
Anti-Defamation League CEO Jonathan Greenblatt will join Reps
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman will appear today at a Federal Reserve conference in Washington to push the economic benefits of artificial intelligence.
UJA-Federation of New York is hosting a bnai mitzvah party tonight for more than three dozen Israeli teenagers who have lost a parent on or since Oct
Reut USA and The Rabbi Sacks Legacy’s daylong conference, “The Great Diaspora: Visioning American Jewry at America’s 250th – Inspired by Rabbi Sacks zt”l,” kicks off today in New York
The Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations launches a three-day mission to Israel today.
Reut USA and The Rabbi Sacks Legacy are hosting a daylong conference in New York on Monday titled, “The Great Diaspora: Visioning American Jewry at America’s 250th – Inspired by Rabbi Sacks 
The Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations is holding a three-day solidarity mission to Israel beginning on Monday.
Keren Kayemeth LeIsrael–Jewish National Fund kicked off its summer seminar in Israel this week for 180 Jewish educators from 22 countries.
We’re watching the situation along Israel’s border with Syria, which is heating up as the IDF conducts strikes on Syrian targets in retaliation for ongoing regime attacks on Syria’s Druze co
The Friends of the Israel Defense Forces’ national board is scheduled to vote today on a motion to remove the group’s chair, amid emerging reports of mismanagement and other issues
The Argentine Embassy in Washington is hosting an event tonight commemorating the upcoming anniversary of the 1994 bombing of the AMIA Jewish community center in Buenos Aires.
In Israel, we’re keeping an eye on Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s coalition, after the Ashkenazi Haredi United Torah Judaism party’s decision last night to quit the coalition over the i
The Israel on Campus Coalition is continuing its “Field Professional Retreat,” which kicked off yesterday in Washington.
We are awaiting the results of a Friends of the IDF board meeting held yesterday about the growing turmoil at the organization
The Hadar Institute starts its July Learning Seminar in New York City on Sunday.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu wraps up his U.S. trip today and will depart for Israel, after hosting a reception last night for Jewish and evangelical leaders.
The Hudson Institute is hosting a discussion focused on Israel’s economic resilience in a post-Oct
The Internal Revenue Service ruled yesterday that houses of worship can now endorse political candidates without losing their tax-exempt status.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s Washington trip continues today.
A new report in Ynet alleging malfeasance by the board chair of Friends of the Israel Defense Forces is raising serious questions about the fundraising organization.
Former Israeli American hostage Edan Alexander is slated to meet President Donald Trump this afternoon at the White House.
The Nova music festival exhibition and the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum are hosting an event this afternoon with DJ and Nova festival survivor Noa Beer and Holocaust survivor Nat Shaffir.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu heads to Washington on Sunday, ahead of his planned Monday meeting with Trump.
The Jewish People Policy Institute is hosting a webinar on Sunday at 10 a.m
The American Conference of Cantors is hosting a gala concert in Washington tonight to mark 50 years of women in the cantorate and the ordination of Cantor Barbara Ostfeld.
The Christians United For Israel summit continues today in Washington.
The annual Christians United for Israel Summit kicked off in Washington on Sunday, and continues into this week
The Aspen Ideas Festival continues today in Colorado
Maimonides Fund’s Sapir Institute is hosting a briefing at noon with former Israeli National Security Advisor Eyal Hulata.
Over 100,000 people are expected to visit the “Ohel,” the gravesite of Rabbi Menachem M. Schneerson, the Lubavitcher Rebbe, in Cambria Heights, Queens, to mark the 31st anniversary of his de
The Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations and the Jewish Federations of North America conclude their two-day leadership fly-in to Washington today.
The March on Washington for Jewish Civil Rights will be held this afternoon in Washington in memory of Yaron Lischinsky and Sarah Milgrim, who were killed in a shooting at the Capital Jewish
The Aspen Ideas Festival continues today, with a panel on the role of religion featuring “Chutzpod” host Shira Stutman, alongside Krista Tippett, David DeSteno and Gregory Boyle.
Boston’s Combined Jewish Philanthropies is hosting an online briefing about the situation in Israel between its president and CEO, Rabbi Marc Baker; Col
Zohran Mamdani beat Andrew Cuomo in the Democratic primary for mayor of New York City, putting the 33-year-old democratic socialist with a history of anti-Israel activism on track to lead th
The Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations and the Jewish Federations of North America are kicking off their two-day leadership mission to Washington today, with con
Also in Washington, Shalom Hartman Institute President Yehuda Kurtzer is speaking tonight at the city’s Adas Israel Congregation.
The Aspen Ideas Festival kicks off this evening in Colorado
It’s Primary Day in New York City, and all eyes are on the Democratic mayoral primary to see if former New York Gov
Olam’s Focal Point conference continues today in New York City.
Olam’s Focal Point conference kicks off today in New York City
The Jewish Funders Network is hosting an “emergency briefing” today about the Israel-Iran war.
The Washington Institute for Near East Policy’s Anna Borshchevskaya, Michael Knights, Farzin Nadimi and Assaf Orion are headlining a virtual event this afternoon focused on the Israel-Iran w
Global Jewry and the Israeli Jewish Peoplehood Coalition are hosting a joint online event tonight, titled “Rising Up Together,” focused on the war in Israel, with a panel of Israeli experts 
The Museum of Jewish Heritage in New York is holding a memorial event tonight for Dr
The Israeli social policy Taub Center think tank is hosting a Zoom event at noon ET today to discuss the current situation in Israel.
We’re continuing to follow and report on the ongoing military conflict between Israel and Iran.
The Nova Music Festival Exhibition, which opened in Washington’s Gallery Place this weekend, will host freed hostages and family members of victims of the Oct
Across Israel, events and gatherings — including Tel Aviv’s Pride parade — were canceled in the wakr of the attack in Iran
In Washington, the Nova music festival exhibition is slated to open this weekend
Argentine President Javier Milei is being presented with the Genesis Prize today at Jerusalem’s Museum of Tolerance.
The Zionist Organization of America is holding its annual legislative lobbying day at the Capitol.
Argentine President Javier Milei, who was originally scheduled to receive the Genesis Prize at the Knesset this evening, will instead be presented with the award tomorrow at Jerusalem’s Muse
The Auschwitz Jewish Center Foundation is holding its 25th anniversary gala dinner tonight in New York City, where the organization will honor CNN commentator Van Jones.
Elsewhere in New York, United Hatzalah is holding its annual gala
House leadership is hosting a vigil this evening on Capitol Hill in memory of slain Israeli Embassy staffers Sarah Lynn Milgrim and Yaron Lischinsky; the event will also be attended by Israe
The Jewish Federations of North America is leading an LGBTQ+ Pride mission to Israel this week ahead of Friday’s Tel Aviv Pride Parade.
New York City Mayor Eric Adams is holding a roundtable for Jewish media this morning.
The Jewish Federations of North America is leading an LGBTQ+ Pride mission to Israel this week ahead of the Tel Aviv Pride Parade on Friday.
Leading Israeli Haredi rabbis are visiting the United States this week on fundraising missions, which kicked off last night with the Adirei HaTorah event in Philadelphia.
The Boulder chapter of Run For Their Lives will hold its weekly walk on Sunday to raise awareness for the remaining 56 hostages in Gaza, a week after a terror attack in which an Egyptian nat
The New York Sephardic Jewish Film Festival opens on Sunday at El Museo del Barrio in New York City as part of the larger Festival Sefarad, which launched yesterday.
Rav Azriel Auerbach, a leading Israeli Haredi rabbi, is slated to address the Adirei HaTorah Asifah on Sunday in Lakewood, N.J.
President Donald Trump issued a new travel ban against 12 countries — most of them with Muslim majorities — and placed restrictions on seven more; during his previous term, his move to ban p
Voting starts today for the World Zionist Congress in Canada…
Leaders of the World Zionist Organization are expected to meet today to discuss what to do about the mass voter fraud in the American WZC elections, which concluded last month, The Times of 
The Israeli disability nonprofit Beit Issie Shapiro is inaugurating the country’s first inclusive early childhood campus today in Ra’anana
Anu Museum of the Jewish People in Tel Aviv is hosting a reception tonight to mark the opening of its new exhibition, “A Lens of Her Own,” featuring Jewish female photographers from 100 year
We’re keeping an eye on ceasefire and hostage-release negotiations, amid reports last night that Israel and Hamas were close to a partial agreement that would have included the release of 10
Jewish communities around the world will mark Holocaust Survivor Day on Wednesday, June 4, an initiative started in 2020 by the JCC of Krakow, Poland.
The Capital Jewish Museum will reopen today, a week after a deadly attack in which two Israeli Embassy staffers were killed after attending an American Jewish Committee event held at the mus
Charedi Impact Philanthropy and Giving Daily are holding a joint event today in Jerusalem focused on Israel’s Haredi community.
The Holocaust Museum Boston is holding its official groundbreaking ceremony today.
Israeli Ambassador to the U.S. Yechiel Leiter, Washington, D.C., Mayor Muriel Bowser and senior Justice Department officials are slated to speak at a Jewish solidarity event this evening in 
In New York, the American Jewish Committee, the Consulate General of Israel in New York and Israel’s diplomatic mission at the U.N. are hosting a memorial event this afternoon for the two Is
Elsewhere in New York, a Jewish American Heritage Month reception slated to be hosted tonight at Gracie Mansion by New York City Mayor Eric Adams was postponed to July.
The IHRA International Conference on Combating Antisemitism at Israel’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs concludes today.
Israeli Foreign Minister Gideon Sa’ar is hosting the Foreign Ministers’ Conference on Combating Antisemitism today in Jerusalem.
The Israel Democracy Institute is hosting its annual Eli Hurvitz Conference in Jerusalem today and tomorrow.
The Jewish Neighborhood Development Council of Chicago and Chicago Jewish Historical Society are hosting an event this evening at the Skokie (Ill.) Public Library honoring Sears Roebuck foun
Monday is Yom Yerushalayim, the Israeli national holiday commemorating the reunification of Jerusalem following the Six-Day War
The UJA-Federation of New York and JCRC-NY will be hosting a town hall this evening with the leading Democratic New York City mayoral candidates
The Brandeis Center will host a briefing on Capitol Hill featuring current college students and recent graduates sharing their personal experiences with antisemitism on campus
The Combat Antisemitism Movement and the Jewish Federations of North America will host the Annual Jewish American Heritage Month Congressional Breakfast on Capitol Hill today, with a keynote
As part of Jewish American Heritage Month, the Library of Congress will host tonight “An Evening of Sephardic Music with the Susana Behar Ensemble,” in collaboration with the Weitzman Nation
UJA-Federation of New York is hosting the second day of its two-day conference on domestic violence.
The World Jewish Congress 17th Plenary Assembly concludes today in Jerusalem.
Tonight, the Anti-Defamation League will host its reception in Washington celebrating Jewish American Heritage Month
The World Jewish Congress kicked off last night in Jerusalem
U.S. Special Envoy to the Middle East Steve Witkoff, hostage envoy Adam Boehler and Yehuda Kaploun, President Donald Trump’s nominee for antisemitism envoy, are among the speakers today at T
The National Council of Jewish Women will honor Sen
The Hebrew University will officially launch its Institute for the Study of Hope with an event at the Israeli President’s Residence in Jerusalem.
Birthright Israel launched its summer 2025 session today, during which more than 20,000 Jewish young adults are expected to travel to Israel on its programs from now through September.
Freed Israeli American hostage Keith Siegel is in New York City today, where he is hosting a pancake pop-up at 12 Chairs Cafe’s Soho location
The Eurovision finals are taking place tomorrow in Basel, Switzerland
The World Jewish Congress’ 17th plenary kicks off on Sunday evening with a gala in Jerusalem and continues through Wednesday.
The Center for Jewish History is hosting “The End of an Era? Jews and Elite Universities” on Sunday
The National Council of Jewish Women’s two-day Washington Institute begins on Sunday.
And in New York, the Jewish Community Relations Council-NY is hosting its annual Celebrate Israel Parade on Sunday.
Bret Stephens will host a discussion tonight between Rahm Emanuel and Jason Greenblatt at 92NY on the topic “Is Donald Trump good for the Jews?” as part of a new debate series organized by t
The Israeli American Council is holding a Yom Ha’atzmaut celebration tonight at the Library of Congress.
The U.S. Department of Justice is holding its 32nd Annual Federal Interagency Holocaust Remembrance Program this morning.
Podcast host Dan Senor will deliver this year’s State of World Jewry address at the 92NY in Manhattan
The Israel Center for Addiction and Mental Health at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem wraps up its first major conference today, “Mental Health in a Reality of War: The Implications of Oct
The Israel Center for Addiction and Mental Health at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem kicked off today its first major conference, “Mental Health in a Reality of War: The Implications of O
Israeli President Isaac Herzog is in Germany today, where he is marking 60 years of German-Israeli relations.
This afternoon in Tel Aviv, hostage families will march from Hostages Square to the U.S. Embassy Branch Office to call for a “comprehensive” agreement to free the remaining hostages.
The German-created organization March of Life, which organizes marches by non-Jews against antisemitism, is kicking off a series of events in Israel on Sunday evening with a gala in Jerusale
The Israel Center for Addiction and Mental Health at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem is hosting its first major conference, “Mental Health in a Reality of War: The Implications of Oct
The SRE Network and Jewish Federations of North America’s Jewish Belonging Summit, which kicked off yesterday, continues today in Baltimore
The Library of Congress is hosting an event today to mark Jewish-American Heritage Month with the New York Andalus Ensemble, which will perform a medley of songs in Hebrew, Arabic, Spanish a
Tel Aviv University hosted a dedication ceremony and lunch today inaugurating the Gray Faculty of Medical and Health Sciences today, after Jonathan and Mindy Gray donated $125 million to the
The SRE Network’s two-day conference launches this afternoon in Baltimore, coming just after the JPro25 conference comes to a close this morning.
The Milken Global Conference wraps up in Los Angeles today
Later tonight, Israeli Ambassador to the U.S. Yechiel Leiter is hosting a Yom HaAtzmaut celebration at the ambassador’s residence.
The JPro25 conference continues today in Baltimore
The Orthodox Union is convening its annual Washington mission today and tomorrow
The Israel Allies Foundation, in conjunction with Eagles’ Wings, the Zionist Rabbinic Coalition, American Christian Leaders for Israel and the Combat Antisemitism Movement, is hosting its Is
At the Milken Institute’s Global Conference in Los Angeles, IKAR’s Rabbi Sharon Brous will speak today on a panel titled “What Faith Means to Me,” while Yeshiva University’s Rabbi Ari Berman
The Israeli government ordered the Israel Defense Forces to significantly expand its military operation against Hamas in the Gaza Strip, calling up tens of thousands more reservists, with pl
The Zionist Rabbinic Coalition National Conference kicked off yesterday in Washington
The Milken Institute Global Conference launched yesterday in Los Angeles
The JPro25 conference starts this morning in Baltimore, with some 1,300 people registered to attend the three-day gathering
The Jewish Public Affairs Committee of California is holding its Capitol Summit in Sacramento today and tomorrow
The Future Summit begins today in Tel Aviv, bringing together entrepreneurs, investors and “world leading subject matter experts” for the three-day confab.
The Zionist Rabbinic Coalition National Conference begins on Sunday in Washington.
The Jewish Agency for Israel will host a gala on Sunday in Baltimore presenting the second-annual Max Fisher Award to philanthropist Richard “Richie” Pearlstone for his decades-long support 
Voting ends in the World Zionist Congress elections in the United States on Sunday.
The JPro25 conference kicks off on Monday morning in Baltimore
Today is Yom HaAtzmaut, Israel’s Independence Day
Yom HaAtzmaut, Israeli Independence Day, begins at sundown tonight
The Supreme Court is hearing oral arguments today in St
The Washington Institute for Near East Policy is holding its 40th anniversary gala dinner tonight in Washington.
Yom HaZikaron, Israel’s day to memorialize fallen soldiers and victims of terror, begins tonight
The American Jewish Committee’s Global Forum wraps up in New York today.
The American Jewish Committee’s Global Forum continues today
The Hostage and Missing Families Forum is hosting an event tonight at the Marlene Meyerson JCC Manhattan featuring former Israeli hostage Noa Argamani as well as the relatives of slain hosta
The American Jewish Committee’s annual Global Forum Conference kicks off on Sunday in New York
The Israeli nonprofit OneFamily, which works with bereaved families, is holding a Shabbaton near the Sea of Galilee this weekend for parents who have lost children in wars or terror attacks 
The Association of Americans and Canadians in Israel will host its annual memorial ceremony in honor of North Americans who were killed in war or terror attacks
Yom Hashoah, Israel’s Holocaust Memorial Day, begins today at sundown
Israel is warning citizens and Jews abroad about a so-called “day of rage” that was declared for today by anti-Israel groups around the world.
Israeli National Security Minister Itamar Ben-Gvir landed in Miami yesterday for a U.S. visit, which is expected to include meetings in Florida with philanthropists Mike Leven and Laurie Mos
Pope Francis died this morning, setting up a weekslong succession process
Passover begins Saturday night, when Jews around the world will convene for the Seder.Dina Powell McCormick and Sheryl Sandberg will discuss how purposeful mentorship changes the world at an
Rabbi Yoshi Zweibeck of Stephen Wise Temple in Los Angeles, Amanda Berman of Zioness, Pastor Michael T. Fisher of Greater Zion Church in Compton, Calif., media figure Van Jones and other lea
The Jewish Agency for Israel is launching an international campaign today in which of Jewish organizations around the world will call for the release of the hostages still being held captive
Today marks Education and Sharing Day, which is celebrated on the 11th of Nissan, the Hebrew birthday of Lubavitcher Rebbe Menachem Schneerson, who died in 1994
New York Times columnist and editor of Maimonides Fund’s Sapir Journal Bret Stephens will interview Rabbi Meir Y. Soloveichik at noon today about the rabbi’s recent essay, “Jewish Identity v
The American Jewish Committee is hosting its annual Ambassadors Seder tonight in Washington
An immigration judge in Louisiana set a deadline of this evening for the Trump administration to produce evidence in its deportation case against Mahmoud Khalil, the Columbia graduate whose 
Rabbi Jessy Dressin will interview Jewish studies professor Marc Dollinger and Ilana Kaufman, CEO of the Jews of Color Initiative, about Black-Jewish relations today at Third Space at Shaare
eJewishPhilanthropy will host the last of three World Zionist Congress election debates tonight at 6:30 p.m
Dozens of Long Island high school students spent months working with local Holocaust survivors to create UJA-Federation of New York’s “Witness Project,” an art exhibition and film exploring 
Matthew Nouriel, Tal Oran, Celine Rouben and Abraham Hamra — four Jewish digital activists and content creators of Mizrahi descent — are participating in a panel discussion tomorrow evening 
eJewishPhilanthropy will host the second of three World Zionist Congress election debates tonight at 6:30 p.m
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is in Washington today, following an invitation from President Donald Trump late last week while Netanyahu was in Budapest, Hungary.
Operation Benjamin will be at Arlington National Cemetery today to replace the headstones of two Jewish soldiers who were killed in action in World War I.
The MEAD Summit is taking place in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
The University of Florida, coached by Todd Golden, and University of Houston will face off tonight in the NCAA championship game.
The National Hillel Basketball Tournament, which started yesterday at the University of Maryland, will continue through the weekend
Saturday night will see the NCAA men’s basketball Final Four matchups between the University of Florida (led by coach Todd Golden) and Auburn (coached by Bruce Pearl) at 6 p.m
Good Deeds Day, the annual day of service that originated in Israel, will be held on Sunday around the world
Also on Sunday, the BBYO youth movement will hold its J Serve volunteering day.
eJewishPhilanthropy will host the first of three World Zionist Congress election debates on Sunday
The Israeli volunteering organization Yahel and Repair the World are hosting a summit tomorrow morning in Bat Yam, Israel, outside of Tel Aviv, focused on “advancing the field of Internation
Three released Israeli hostages will share their stories tonight at Washington’s Adas Israel Congregation.
The National Hillel Basketball Tournament kicks off today at the University of Maryland and will continue through the weekend
The Jewish Community Relations Council of San Francisco is hosting a “Freedom Seder” tonight, with guests including San Francisco Mayor Daniel Lurie, California state Sen
Women of Reform Judaism and other faith organizations are holding a prayer vigil today outside of the Supreme Court as the justices hear arguments regarding a petition from a number of relig
The 14th International Jerusalem “Winner” Marathon will be held tomorrow morning in the Israeli capital
PJ Library is continuing its annual international conference today in Springfield, Mass
The National Council of Jewish Women, Hadassah and parts of the Reform and Conservative movements are rallying today outside of the Supreme Court as the justices hear arguments regarding the
Rabbi Marc Schneier of Hamptons Synagogue is hosting former New York Gov
The Jewish Federation of Greater Pittsburgh is hosting back-to-back sit-downs this evening with Pittsburgh Mayor Ed Gainey and County Controller Corey O’Connor
The European Commission is holding its second annual Civil Society Forum on Combating Antisemitism and Fostering Jewish Life in Brussels.
The Israeli volunteering organization Yahel and Repair the World will host a summit tomorrow morning in Bat Yam, Israel, outside of Tel Aviv, focused on “advancing the field of International
The Jewish Theological Seminary will host Avichai Mandelblit, the former attorney general of Israel — among other top legal roles — and current dean of Israel’s College of Law and Business, 
Former Ambassador Deborah Lipstadt, who served as President Joe Biden’s antisemitism envoy, will be feted at a Georgetown farewell party this evening
NFL team owners are meeting in Palm Beach, Fla., this week for their annual gathering.
The Paley Center for Media in New York is hosting a discussion tonight on how social media can be used to fight antisemitism
The Hadar Institute in Israel is hosting its first-ever “National Shabbaton” starting today and running through the weekend at the Nir Etzion Resort Hotel in northern Israel, as the pluralis
The Israeli progressive religious group Smol Emuni (Faithful Left) is hosting its first American conference on Sunday at New York City’s B’nai Jeshurun Synagogue.
Israeli Diaspora Minister Amichai Chikli’s antisemitism conference begins this afternoon in Jerusalem
Enter: The Jewish Peoplehood Alliance is hosting an event on “The resilience of Jewish peoplehood in a post-Oct
The Florida Holocaust Museum is hosting an event tonight featuring Pastor Kai Höss, grandson of Auschwitz commandant Rudolf Höss, and Mike Igel, interim CEO and chair emeritus of the museum 
The Hadar Institute in Israel is hosting its first-ever “National Shabbaton” starting today and running through the weekend at the Nir Etzion Resort Hotel in northern Israel, as the pluralis
Dov Ben-Shimon, who joined the Community Security Service as its CEO late last year, is leaving the organization after he and the board “mutually agreed that this is not the right long-term 
Israeli President Isaac Herzog is holding an event tonight for Jewish communal leaders, a day before Diaspora Minister Amichai Chikli’s convening on antisemitism, which saw a number of parti
Hadassah, Jewish Women International and the National Council of Jewish Women are hosting a reception this afternoon on Capitol Hill in honor of Jewish women serving in the current Congress.
The Orthodox Union and Teach Coalition are holding a webinar tonight to discuss how the Trump administration’s plans to dismantle the Department of Education will affect the Jewish community
The annual Chabad Young Professionals Gala is taking place tonight in New York City
The Jewish Funders Network Conference continues today in Nashville, Tenn., coming to a close this afternoon.
The Central Conference of American Rabbis is holding its annual conference in Chicago, which continues through tomorrow.
Diaspora Week begins in Israel this week, with events and educational programming scheduled across the country.
The Jewish Funders Network kicked off its annual conference yesterday in Nashville, Tenn
The Central Conference of American Rabbis is hosting its annual conference in Chicago, which started yesterday and continues through Wednesday.
The Jewish Funders Network kicks off its annual conference on Sunday in Nashville, Tenn
The Central Conference of American Rabbis is holding its annual conference beginning on Sunday in Chicago.
Freed Israeli hostage Eli Sharabi is speaking this morning before the United Nations Security Council.
The JCRC of Greater Washington will announce tonight a new “Partners for Peace” initiative between Israelis and Arabs at an event at Washington Hebrew Congregation with the Abraham Accords-i
A new exhibition opening today at the Jewish Theological Seminary will feature the oldest Jewish book in the world — the Afghan Liturgical Quire (ALQ) — which will be on display until July 1
Israel struck Hamas targets across Gaza overnight, ending a two-month ceasefire after the collapse of negotiations to secure release of additional hostages, leaving hostage families fearful 
The Ruderman Family Foundation kicked off its annual conference this morning at Haifa University, focusing on American Jewish identity post-Oct
The Lisa and Michael Leffell Foundation, Paul E. Singer Foundation and Maimonides Fund kicked off their second annual “Zionism: A New Conversation” conference in Miami on Sunday
The Lisa and Michael Leffell Foundation, Paul E. Singer Foundation and Maimonides Fund kicked off their second annual “Zionism: A New Conversation” conference in Miami yesterday
UJA-Federation of New York is holding a memorial tribute this evening to honor Sen
The Ruderman Family Foundation will host its annual conference at Haifa University tomorrow morning, focusing on American Jewish identity post-Oct
The Secure Community Network is holding a call this afternoon to discuss guidance related to FEMA and the Nonprofit Security Grant Program.
The Jewish Federations of North America, Secure Community Network, Anti-Defamation League, Community Security Initiative-NY and Community Security Service are warning of expected mass anti-I
The Jewish Agency, the Israeli Ministry of Immigration and Absorption and the Merage Foundation are hosting a Purim-related event in Tel Aviv tonight for Israeli “lone soldiers” who were wou
The Claims Conference is sponsoring the broadcasting of six documentaries about the Holocaust, starting tonight, through the Jewish Life Foundation and Jewish Life Television initiative J Do
Israeli journalist Haviv Rettig Gur will give the Daniel Pearl Memorial Lecture at UCLA tonight focused on “The New Middle East.”
Irish Taoiseach Micheál Martin is in the U.S. this week
The 39th World Zionist Congress elections kicked off today and will continue through May 4
The White House has cut some $400 million in federal funding for Columbia University over its response to campus antisemitism, and federal agents detained a non-citizen anti-Israel activist 
The Keren Kayemeth LeIsrael-Jewish National Fund’s inauguration of a new memorial forest outside Kibbutz Beeri in southern Israel in honor of the victims and fallen soldiers from the Oct
The Yeshiva University men’s basketball team takes on Tufts this afternoon in Medford, Mass., in the first round of the NCAA Division III tournament.
The annual SXSW conference kicks off today in Austin, Texas.
At least 20 Jewish organizations, led by the National Coalition of Jewish Women, are sending delegations to Selma, Ala., on Sunday to mark the 60th anniversary of the Selma Bridge Crossing.
Jewish Silicon Valley is hosting “Holi Purim” on Sunday, highlighting the fact that the Hindu holiday of Holi and Purim both fall on the same day this year, March 14.
The Keren Kayemeth LeIsrael-Jewish National Fund will inaugurate on Monday morning the Iron Swords Forest, the country’s largest memorial forest, outside Kibbutz Beeri in southern Israel, wh
Jewish Federations of Canada-UIA is announcing a $20 million investment to help “rebuild and create regional engines of growth” in Israel’s north today at Tel Hai College in the northern cit
Israeli President Isaac Herzog will speak tonight at the inaugural gathering of the Voice of the People, the initiative he relaunched last year as a vehicle for intra-Jewish communal dialogu
Tel Aviv’s Anu: Museum of the Jewish People is hosting the first of a two-part program tonight for immigrants to Israel about Israeli humor, entitled “How do you laugh in Hebrew,” which will
The Jewish Community Relations Council of New York will hold a panel discussion this evening at the Center for Jewish History on the role of K-12 education in preventing and addressing antis
The Jewish Agency for Israel kicked off its Board of Governors meeting in Jerusalem yesterday
The Anti-Defamation League’s Never Is Now summit, which opened yesterday, is continuing today with sessions and speeches
The Voice of the People — Israeli President Isaac Herzog’s Jewish peoplehood initiative — launched the first gathering for its 150-person council on Sunday in the northern Israeli city of Ha
Former Israeli Prime Minister Naftali Bennett is slated to speak at an invitation-only event at Columbia University tonight hosted by Columbia/Barnard Hillel’s Kraft Center for Jewish Studen
The Jewish Agency for Israel kicked off its Board of Governors meeting in Jerusalem yesterday
The Anti-Defamation League’s Never Is Now summit kicks off this morning in New York for two days of sessions and speakers
The Voice of the People — Israeli President Isaac Herzog’s new Jewish peoplehood initiative — kicked off the first gathering of its 150-person council on Sunday in the northern Israeli city 
Chabad’s youth group CTeens is hosting its international conference in New York City beginning today, with 4,000 Jewish teens from 60 countries expected to attend the Shabbaton.
Hillel International is hosting the Northeast Hillels A Cappella Competition on Saturday night at the University of Maryland.
The Voice of the People — Israeli President Isaac Herzog’s new Jewish peoplehood initiative — is kicking off the first gathering for its 150-person council on Sunday in the northern Israeli 
70 Faces Media is hosting the final day of its virtual Jewish Media Summit.
Tens of thousands of people are expected to run in the Tel Aviv Marathon tomorrow morning.
Prizmah: Center for Jewish Day Schools, in partnership with the Ruderman Family Foundation, is continuing its Mental Health Summit today after it kicked off yesterday.
The Washington Wizards will host Jewish Heritage Night when they play the Portland Trail Blazers tonight at the Capital One Arena.
Yeshiva University will host a discussion tonight between Rabbi Larry Rothwachs and Rabbi Dovid Bashevkin about whether or not American Jews should feel obligated to make aliyah.
A group of Philadelphia Jewish organizations will hold a town hall meeting on antisemitism tonight at the city’s Weitzman National Museum of American Jewish History.
The Icar Collective, an Israeli mental health-focused think-and-do tank that launched in the wake of the Oct
Former Israeli hostage Noa Argamani is slated to address the U.N. Security Council this morning
The State of Israel will hold an event marking the 40th anniversary of Operation Moses, which brought thousands of Ethiopian Jews to Israel through Sudan, and commemorating the deaths of the
Deborah Lipstadt, the former special envoy to monitor and combat antisemitism, and British lawyer Anthony Julius, who represented Lipstadt in a libel lawsuit brought by Holocaust denier Davi
eJewishPhilanthropy Managing Editor Judah Ari Gross will speak tonight with Dyonna Ginsburg, the CEO of Olam, about Jewish international development work post-Oct
The Icar Collective, an Israeli mental health-focused think-and-do tank that launched in the wake of the Oct
In New York today, Israel’s mission at the U.N. will hold a ceremony for former hostages Shiri, Ariel and Kfir Bibas and Oded Lipshitz, whose bodies were repatriated last week.
Har Zion Temple in Penn Valley, Pa., is celebrating its 100th anniversary this Shabbat
The Los Angeles-based Builders of Jewish Education nonprofit is hosting its annual gala on Sunday night at L.A.’s Sinai Temple, honoring its executive director, Gil Graff, who will retire th
The Paramus, N.J.-based chain of special education Sinai Schools is holding its annual dinner on Sunday at the Marriott Glenpointe Hotel in Teaneck, N.J.
The Chabad-Lubavitch Shluchos conference continues through the weekend in Brooklyn, with its annual gala banquet to be held Sunday evening in New Jersey.
Germans will vote on Sunday in the country’s parliamentary elections
The International Conference of Chabad-Lubavitch Women Emissaries kicks off today in Brooklyn, N.Y. Some 4,000 attendees will travel to the Ohel, the grave of Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerso
The Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organization’s annual mission to Israel concludes today, with sessions focusing on Israel’s diplomacy and economy.
The Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations, on its annual mission to Israel, is in northern Israel today for a series of security briefings and meetings with civil s
The Altneu Synagogue on Manhattan’s Upper East Side is hosting a Torah class this morning by Rav Shaul Alter, the founder and leader of the Kehilas Pnei Menachem Hasidic community, who is vi
Israeli President Isaac Herzog traveled from Hungary to Italy today where he will hold diplomatic meetings with Italian President Sergio Mattarella, Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni and Foreign
The Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations’ annual leadership mission to Israel is underway, having kicked off on Sunday
The Washington Hebrew Congregation will host the “National Prayer for the Return of All Hostages” tonight at the synagogue and virtually, marking 500 days since the Oct
The Jewish Funders Network is holding a session today, “Merger & Acquisition as a Feminist Act,” with Elizabeth Mandel, founder of JGirls+ Magazine, and Shuli Karkowsky, CEO at Moving Tradit
Israeli President Isaac Herzog is on a state visit in Hungary today, marking 80 years since the murder of more than 500,000 Hungarian Jews during the Holocaust
The Hertog Forum for National Security began yesterday in Tel Aviv
Hamas has indicated that it plans to release three hostages tomorrow — American-Israeli Sagui Dekel-Chen, Russian-Israeli Sasha Trufanov and Argentine-Israeli Yair Horn — as per the terms of
The Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations begins its annual Israel mission in Jerusalem on Sunday
The BBYO International Convention kicks off today in Denver, with nearly 3,500 teens from 50 countries and more than 1,000 adult guests and speakers set to participate in the five-day event
The New York-based Gender Equity in Hiring Project is shuttering its doors in June due to insufficient funding, some three years before its intended 10-year run time, which founder and CEO S
The Jewish Federations of North America’s Center for Jewish Belonging is hosting a discussion this afternoon about how Jewish communities can be more welcoming for LGBTQ Jews.
The Jewish Federation of Detroit’s Women’s Philanthropy is hosting its Signature 2025 fundraising event tonight at the city’s Congregation Shaarey Zedek
The inauguration of Keren Kayemeth LeIsrael-Jewish National Fund’s “Iron Swords Forest,” a memorial forest in honor of the victims and fallen soldiers from the Oct
M²: The Institute for Experiential Jewish Education and Kol HaOt have released a special Haggadah for the Tu B’Shvat seder that was “specially adapted and dedicated to raising awareness abou
The Israel branch of the pluralist Hadar Institute will host a screening tonight of the documentary “Centered: Joe Lieberman,” followed by an onstage discussion with the former vice presiden
Keren Kayemeth LeIsrael-Jewish National Fund is inaugurating the “Iron Swords Forest,” Israel’s largest memorial forest, tomorrow morning near Be’eri Forest, just outside the Gaza Strip, in 
The Israel Climate Change Conference will kick off tomorrow morning at Beersheva’s Ben-Gurion University.
The Paley Foundation will hold its 10th anniversary conference tomorrow morning, focused on “Israel’s security challenges and the Haredi society,” featuring former top military officials and
Later today, Hamas will notify Israeli officials of the three hostages set to be released from Gaza tomorrow.
Jewish Federations of North America is hosting a briefing with Amir Yaron, governor of the Bank of Israel, about the state of the Israeli economy.
The Zionist Rabbinic Coalition is holding a web event with former Israeli Ambassador to the U.S. Michael Oren this afternoon.
President Donald Trump announced the United States’ interest in taking over the Gaza Strip, relocating its inhabitants and rebuilding it, in a major shift in American foreign policy
The Academic Engagement Network and Jewish Theological Seminary are hosting a conference on JTS’ campus in Manhattan today focused on Christian Zionism, as part of a larger effort by AEN to 
The American Jewish Committee’s board of governors is in Israel on a mission, meeting with Israeli leaders and visiting Israeli communities affected by the past 15 months of war.
The Birthright Israel Foundation is launching the Birthright Israel Fund for the Jewish Future, which is meant to grow its endowment fund and ensure its long-term viability
The Israeli-Palestinian peace-building group Amal-Tikva is hosting its annual conference today in Jerusalem.
The Yael Foundation’s third annual conference continues today in Limassol, Cyprus
The Yael Foundation is kicking off its annual conference today in Limassol, Cyprus
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is in Washington today, having arrived in the U.S. last night.
Prizmah: Center for Jewish Day Schools annual conference, which kicked off yesterday, continues today and tomorrow in Boston.
The Orthodox Union is holding its inaugural attorneys conference in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., this week.
Prizmah: Center for Jewish Day Schools will hold its annual conference in Boston from Sunday to Tuesday
The Orthodox Union will host its first-ever attorneys conference to combat antisemitism, beginning on Sunday and ending on Tuesday, in Fort Lauderdale, Fla
Three more Israeli hostages — Keith Siegel, Ofer Calderon and Yarden Bibas — are slated to be released from captivity tomorrow.
Earlier today, Israeli civilians Arbel Yehoud and Gadi Moses and Israeli soldier Agam Berger, as well as five Thai nationals — Pongsak Thanna, Sathian Suwannakham, Watchara Sriaoun, Bannawat
We’re also following the emerging details of a deadly plane crash on Wednesday night just outside Washington at Reagan National Airport, in which an American Airlines flight from Kansas carr
Yad Vashem is holding a “special event” with the New York City Council at City Hall this afternoon
Enter: The Jewish Peoplehood Alliance will hold a hackathon tomorrow morning at Anu: Museum of the Jewish People in Tel Aviv for some 200 Israeli high school students who are studying Spanis
The Auschwitz Jewish Center Foundation has organized a tour of Poland this week for Black and Jewish leaders, including philanthropist Robert F. Smith, political commentator Van Jones and so
The United Nations is hosting an International Holocaust Remembrance Day ceremony this morning at its Turtle Bay headquarters
Over 200 Holocaust survivors will attend an International Holocaust Remembrance Day ceremony at the Museum of Jewish Heritage – A Living Memorial to the Holocaust in New York City this morni
The JCC Association of North America’s annual Mifgash Executive Leadership Forum is kicking off today in Owings Mills, Md
JLI’s Jewish Leadership Summit continues today in Palm Beach Gardens, Fla
The World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, concludes today
The Jewish Funders Network is organizing a site visit to the southern Israeli town of Sderot on Sunday focused on how arts and culture programs can support social resilience.
The Altneu synagogue is hosting a dedication ceremony for its new location on Manhattan’s Upper East Side
The two-day JLI Leadership Summit kicks off on Sunday in Palm Beach, Fla.
The Voice of the People initiative announced the selection of the 150 members of its council
The Women’s Philanthropy Institute at Indiana University’s Lilly Family School of Philanthropy is hosting a webinar about the expected trends in the field for the coming year.
New York City’s Park Avenue Synagogue will host a launch event this evening for a book of poetry by Menachem Z. Rosensaft, Burning Psalms: Confronting Adonai after Auschwitz, in which he wil
Israeli President Isaac Herzog is in Davos, Switzerland, for the World Economic Forum, where he will be interviewed onstage later today by CNN’s Fareed Zakaria
The Israel Educational Travel Alliance launched its first-ever Leaders Summit in Israel this week
The Israeli government has published a list of the 33 hostages that are due to be released in the first phase of the cease-fire agreement that has been brokered with Hamas, several of whom a
Repair the World is launching a series of learning and volunteer initiatives today in honor of Martin Luther King Jr
Chabad is hosting nearly 700 Jewish young professionals from 100 cities and 30 countries this weekend in Crown Heights, Brooklyn, at its Young Professionals Encounter Summit
We’re following the developments in Israel and Qatar regarding a cease-fire and hostage-release deal, which was announced yesterday, but has yet to be formally approved
Jewish activist Mandana Dayani launched a new initiative this week, “One Mitzvah A Day,” which gives participants a simple task each day that is meant to “support Jews, Israel, and combat an
Israeli, American and Arab officials are indicating that a cease-fire and hostage-release deal is expected to be signed imminently.
This afternoon, Ambassador Deborah Lipstadt, the U.S. special envoy to monitor and combat antisemitism, will hold a final discussion with the Jewish community before she leaves her position 
The Jewish Fertility Foundation’s “A Decade of Hope” 10th anniversary gala is tonight in Atlanta.
The International Lion of Judah Conference kicked off on Sunday and continues through Tuesday in Atlanta
The Conference on Jewish Material Claims Against Germany (Claims Conference) launched “I Survived Auschwitz: Remember This,” a two-week social media campaign to mark the 80th anniversary of 
The Woodrow Wilson Center in Washington, D.C., is hosting “Combatting Antisemitism as a Global Threat,” an in-person and online discussion featuring a panel of experts from various countries
On Sunday, South Florida’s Jewish community will hold the inaugural Airley Invitational, a basketball tournament dedicated to the memory of U.S.-born Israeli soldier Binyamin Airley, who was
Writer Ruth Wisse will speak tonight at the Levy Forum for Open Discussion at Palm Beach Synagogue in South Florida.
Israeli President Isaac Herzog will present the Israeli Presidential Medal of Honor at 6 p.m
The Jewish Community Relations Council of Greater Washington is hosting its “Lox and Legislators” breakfast this morning at Washington Hebrew Congregation in the capital.
A new Israeli documentary series about post-Oct
Ambassador Deborah Lipstadt, the State Department’s outgoing special envoy to monitor and combat antisemitism, is in Israel today and tomorrow for her final visit to the country before depar
William Daroff, CEO of the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations, is in Israel meeting with local officials, including incoming Israeli Ambassador to the U.S. Yehie
The second cohort of the Stephen Wise Free Synagogue’s Amplify Israel Fellowship arrived in Israel today for a weeklong tour of the country and meetings with Israeli figures
The Knesset’s Committee for Immigration, Absorption and Diaspora Affairs will hold a session tomorrow morning focused on the mental health needs of foreign-born reservists and others who do 
Israeli President Isaac Herzog’s Voice of the People initiative has been appointing the first cohort of its 150-member council
Israeli authorities are searching for the terrorists behind today’s deadly shooting attack in the West Bank that killed at least three Israeli civilians and wounded eight more.
Neve Schechter, the Center for Contemporary Jewish Culture in Tel Aviv’s tony Neve Tzedek neighborhood, is hosting an exhibition on Sunday featuring Israeli-North American artists exploring 
We’re monitoring the fallout from a deadly car-ramming in New Orleans yesterday that is believed to be a terror attack and a possibly related blast outside the Trump Hotel in Las Vegas, both
The Jewish Community Relations Council of Broward County, Fla., and Alcee L. Hastings Broward Black-Jewish Alliance is holding its fourth annual “Shine a Light on Broward County” event today
Torah Umesorah, the Orthodox day school education nonprofit, kicks off its annual Presidents Conference today at the Trump Doral in Miami
The Israeli humanitarian relief nonprofit IsraAid dispatched an emergency team to Juba, South Sudan, today in response to a cholera outbreak in the country
One Israel Fund, which supports Israeli nonprofits in the West Bank, is hosting its annual gala in New York City tonight.
The Jewish Federation Los Angeles is hosting its annual “Shine A Light” Hanukkah celebration today, inviting federal, state, and local elected officials as well as civic and community leader
The Jewish Community Relations Council of Greater Washington is holding its annual “Lox and Legislators” Maryland legislative breakfast this morning
Jewish Federations of North America, along with the Louis D. Brandeis Center for Human Rights Under Law, the American Jewish Medical Association and Hadassah, are hosting a panel on Capitol 
The Israeli humanitarian relief group IsraAid has dispatched an emergency team to the South Pacific Ocean nation of Vanuatu after a large earthquake struck the country this morning, destroyi
New York City Mayor Eric Adams is holding his annual Hanukkah reception at Gracie Mansion tonight.
President Joe Biden and First Lady Jill Biden are hosting their final Hanukkah reception at the White House tonight.
The American Jewish Committee is hosting Pennsylvania Gov
Yeshiva University will celebrate its 100th anniversary on Sunday with a dinner at Cipriani 42nd Street in Manhattan
Ma’aglei Nefesh, the Center for Mental Health, Community and Halacha, is holding its inaugural conference in Jerusalem today, bringing together halachic authorities, therapists and those dea
The Birthright Israel Foundation is hosting an event in New York City tonight to honor longtime supporter Jeffrey R. Solomon, president of the Andrea and Charles Bronfman Philanthropies, and
The American Friends of Magen David Adom will host its Miami Gala at the JW Marriott Turnberry Resort tonight
The Hillel International Global Assembly continues today in Boston, after kicking off on Sunday
Vice President Kamala Harris and Second Gentleman Doug Emhoff are hosting their final Hanukkah reception tonight at the vice president’s Naval Observatory residence.
JCC Global, the umbrella organization connecting Jewish community centers around the world, is hosting a conference in Budapest, Hungary, this week
The Conservative movement’s Rabbinical Assembly is kicking off its annual convention in Jerusalem today
The Jewish Camp Summit in Chicago, which is being jointly hosted by the Harold Grinspoon Foundation’s JCamp 180 and the Foundation for Jewish Camp, continues after kicking off yesterday.
Boston’s Combined Jewish Philanthropies is hosting an event this afternoon featuring a conversation between its president and CEO, Rabbi Marc Baker, and CNN’s Van Jones.
On Sunday, the Harold Grinspoon Foundation’s JCamp 180 and the Foundation for Jewish Camp will kick off their joint Jewish Camp Summit in Chicago, looking at the accomplishments of and chall
Also on Sunday, former U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Nikki Haley, former Israeli Ambassador to the U.S. Michael Oren and Jonathan Haidt are among those slated to speak at the Tikvah Fund’s ann
